{"label": 0, "raw": "There are still plenty of things to like in Season 2:  the return to TV of Kristen Bell, Star Trek alumni Nichelle Nichols and George Takei in guest roles, the adorable Micah, likeable Ando, and the relationship among Matt, Molly, and the Doc, as well as the Petrelli brothers and their conniving mother.The problems:  the storylines about the virus are a pale echo of the final season of the 4400; Hiro's trip to the past should not have been so dull; there's a lot of tragedy, violence, and angst without the humor and to joy to balance them out.  And what Hiro did to Adam Monroe is inexcusable."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This wonderful series just gets better and better. Tim Roth fits this characterization so well that he could BE the doctor he plays. Story lines change just enough to snare the viewer completely, yet keep the main plotline going throughout the series and keeping certain tensions and questions always there. I love this series and wish it would never end!Tim Roth is a master at his craft! Where has he been for we Americans? And the daughter! What an engaging girl! So perfect in her role--not at all the typical image of a rebellious, ill-mannered teenaged girl. She is someone you could love, and do love, along with her father. Everyone is just right in this series, and it is mesmerizing. Let's have more of it!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The things I have enjoyed about House are still present in the fifth season of the show. The character drama is handled extremely well, the acting is top notch, and all around this season has some incredibly solid episode. While not every episode is a hit and some of the storylines don't feel quite right, this is a very stable season that is easily 4 stars. This is by far one of the most unique medical dramas ever and it's a testament to the show's quality that it can stay interesting even after 100 episodes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The standout parts of this movie are a couple of near epic and bloody battle sequences.  Beyond that there is a love triangle, political chicanery, and macho posturing.  All of it pretty much standard brand stuff.  It is an entertaining movie but could have been much better.  The Taiping rebellion is an interesting time in 1860's China but we don't get much historical background about it in this movie.  Yes the 3 \"blood brothers\" lead the fight to capture Nanking, the Taiping capitol, but that is about it.  The acting is no more than adequate - involving a lot growling, weeping, shouting and physical combat.  I wish the director had aimed higher."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you were a fan of the Veronica Mars series, you will love the movie. I love the way it was funded by fans too! I think the movie is even better than the series. It picks up Veronica's life several years after the series ended. The mystery is complicated and hard to solve. The decisions Veronica has to make are difficult life changing decisions. The acting was solid, the characters complex, and it looks like a much more expensive movie than it is. I hope they do a sequel."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I missed the first season, so I decided to buy the DVD set. And like most new shows, they seemed to be trying different things to see what worked. Some things did, and some were only so-so. But overall it was a good first season (subsequent seasons had more good episodes).Of course the two best eps were the last two. The next-to-last culminated with the events of the entire season - lots of drama and action.  The last episode involved resolving (most of) the personal drama with Mary, her mom and her sister.Certainly worth the very reasonable price to buy the set."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I started watching this because Steven King recommended it and I like Steven King novels so he pulls a lot of weight in my book. Well I'm hooked! You won't fall asleep watching these shows. Fast and continuous action are what keep me glued to the set or tab.  My wife thinks I'm crazy. Don't get caught up with facts and details just sit back and enjoy.  Not for the weak of heart. It's adrenalin pumping action that will definitely raise the blood pressure.Lots of foul language and violence so be aware."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a great example of the &#34;Dr being stuck in ancient earth&#34; theme that shows up over and over in the decades that follow.  Other than the time travel there is not much science fiction here.  It is very interesting to see the Dr interacting with his &#34;crew&#34; and how he is more like the captain of a ship rather than the more active character that he becomes over time.  Probably the most interesting thing about this episode is how it shows the cultural mores of the 1960s.  If you enjoy ancient TV this is a gem.  If you are expecting anything like the modern Dr you probably want to skip ahead a couple decades."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I think it was two years ago when I still had cable and HBO had one of their Free Sneak Weekends when I came across Rome.  I don't remember what season it was showing, but in the three or four episodes I watched I found it to be quite entertaining, even though somewhat lost with the story line and actors at this point, but still entertaining.  And now that Rome is available to Prime Members via Amazon, I'm looking forward to watching this series from the beginning.  I enjoy watching programs/movies/documentaries dealing with ancient history, especially the Romans and Greeks, Aztecs, Incas, and most of the others, especially if they're done well.  Refreshing to see how our ancestors lived without technology.  Most of these I watch strictly for sheer entertainment, and Rome, to me, is very entertaining..........so far.  Thanks Amazon!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I haven't watched TV in years-got fed up with the high cost-low return from the various cable/satellite companies available.  I do watch some of the shows available online offered by the different networks on their sites. Amazon happened to offer the first episode of Life free.  Free is a good thing and also a great way to gain viewers like myself.  I am hooked.  \"Life\" is not your run of the mill cop show.  Charlie is not your run of the mill cop.  I own season 1 on DVD and have already pre-ordered season 2(have to love Amazon's price guarantee)and season 2 is a must see and in my case must own.  If you haven't seen Life you haven't lived."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It started out really good, with the military killing zombies, and one being bitten and accidentally goes to the strip club. There are some smokin' hot naked girls stripping and most of them get bitten and turn into 'Zombie Strippers' They like it because it inhances their performance. Soon, they must stop the flesh-eating strippers or everyone will die! I didn't like the idea of the zombie strippers talking, I like the quiet zombies. If you love zombies and naked women, you'll love ZOMBIE STRIPPERS!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Some Episodes are better then others, but some Episodes are really good I enjoyed the season opening and ending I thought really good tv which is why I gave it 5,  Sometimes I wish Seasons were shorter so they could drop the weak episodes.  but in this case the weak episodes were not unwatchable  which is why I gave those a 3, so average out a 4It does have the cliche drug war view of 'drugs are the worst thing in the world'  and 'police have to bend the rules to get results' but not so bad that it distracted from my enjoyment."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "By now there really isn't a whole lot more to be said here. Some people object to the subject matter or Walter White's moral choices, but then that's largely the point, isn't it? As I sit here waiting for the final season to unfold in another week, I look at the cover to the Season One set and think about the Walter White that was. To have managed such an evolution in the central character of a television program in the manner it was done is a remarkable feat -- unprecedented, really. There's a lot to object to here in a moral and ethical sense, but as a fictional meditation on the nature of those choices -- and that's in large part what fiction is about anyway -- Breaking Bad is hard to beat. Everything comes together so well: Acting, production, writing. This is one of the great works of the screen, big or small. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "or those that can't stand the sight of blood because it is in abundance in this show.  Along with Dexter (a guy with more skeletons in his closet than a graveyard) and his repressed memories of a violent tragic indicent early in his life.  As the season builds we get to see glimpses of it with more and more being revealed until.  It builds up with a face to face confrontation with the Ice Truck Killer (a few surprises) abound in the first season finale and it leaves things wide open.  For the series and all of its characters.I believe that Season 2 will continue to impress and draw in new folks in the process.  Excellent story, lead and supporting characters and backgrounds leaves you with the first season of Dexter.  An up and coming show that gives those established shows a serious run for their money."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This film is an odd amalgam of two people, a teacher who recently lost his wife and a successful writer of supernatural stories, falling in love amidst a background of dead or soon-to-be-dead people and ghosts.  I especially loved the background piano music which created a kind of  mood of living as best you can with the knowledge that death is inevitable for all of us.  Aidan Quinn plays a boorish married suitor of Lena, the writer, and provides a counterbalance to the quiet, dignified Michael, who's just trying to raise his two children and look after his ailing, depressed father-in-law. The Irish town where this was filmed was quite lovely and added to the somber mood. It was a ghost story without all the usual cheap tricks.  I liked it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Phoenix plays a character very similar to the lethargic James Dean or early Brando.  It took me over half the movie to get used to him and appreciate the character.  I can't say I enjoyed it, but again, I appreciated his acting.  Paltrow, well, pretty and pouty - anyone could have played her part. Interesting ending that would be worth the argument at a party with a bunch of opinionated men and women. Hey, that might be a reason to watch it!  There ya go!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The first season of Chuck is something you don't see on TV everyday. They have combined humor and action in a way that keeps everything fresh. It's the right balance, and they have the right actors to keep the material exciting. Zachary Levi is the only person I can see in the lead role now. I had never heard of the guy before watching Chuck, but without him the show wouldn't be half as good. Having Adam Baldwin of Firefly and Serenity fame is a nice bonus, not to mention Yvonne Strahovski (try saying that one) as Chuck's super spy partner. The stories are a bit silly at times, but this show is just a blast to watch. For pure entertainment value, this one ranks high on my TV shows I don't miss list."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show does for the courtroom TV genre what \"The Shield\" did for cop shows.  That is, it knocks you off balance, jumbles things around in a soup of moral ambiguity, and just really pumps new life into a tired genre.  You won't be sure who (or if there is one) the protagonist is throughout the whole season.  Glenn Close is her usual intimidating self, Zeljko Ivanek plays a star litigator, Tate Donovan his counterpart, and of course TED DANSON is amazing as the alternately shocking and hilarious Arthur Frobisher.  At 19.99, this is a steal, consdering people used to line up to pay 100 bucks for 12 episodes of shows like the Sopranos..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "funny thing. My brother's been trying to get me to watch this show forever. As it turns out, I get the videos of the day, everyday, and one was Charlie Day giving the commencement speech at his alma mater, Merrimack college in New Hampshire. it was then I realized that its Always Sunny in Philadelphia, was his show, and he's from New Hampshire where I'm from also.of course, this is what prompted me to actually start watching the show. I really enjoy it, it almost seems unscripted. The best part is, it's on Amazon Prime for free. How can you beat that!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The subject matter is appalling in itself.  It is difficult to detach yourself emotionally from the horrors that were inflicted at Auschwitz.But, it is a BBC production and with that comes thorough, authoritative, accurate and objective presentation of the subject matter.It is worth watching as an historical document and not for entertainment, which it certainly is not!  I believe everyone should see this from the standpoint of understanding what a despotic and/or dictatorial regime can accomplish if left unchecked.  When one person can rule an entire nation by personal decree as opposed to a balanced law making process, then anything and everything is possible, even to declaring a portion of your own population to be a dangerous enemy.  There are lessons to be learned here."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Best &#34;what if&#34; series I've seen since  the &#34;Amerika&#34; mini series years ago.Very good acting.  Very convincing.Hollywood used the &#34;nuclear blasts&#34; scenario, but I honestly don't believe that scenario will be the catalyst to bring this country (actually this planet) to it's knees.  I believe it's going to be some major cosmic event that's going to change this planet and the life of every living thing on it.  No one knows exactly what's going to happen, but it more than likely will be life changing."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was really enjoying this show, no Tom Colicchio, no Padma (gag), with a new cute host and some worldclass chefs jumping through all sorts of hoops to advance.And I was really digging this show right up until I caught this disclaimer in the end credits: \"Winningand elimination decisions were made by the Judges in consultation with producers. Some elimination decisionswere discussed with Bravo.\"WTF!!! \"in consultation with producers?\" How bogus. Screw these guys, I ain't watching this crap anymore.What a waste of a real opportunity here... great chefs like Hubert Keller and Rick Bayless shouldn't have torely on ratings to get passed up the chain, their food should stand on its own."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "starting with an actor who was noted for military roles and still going on today Dr. Who is part of many of our lives.The original shows were on miniscule budgets and demanded a lot more imagination from the viewers than today's shows.The Aztecs in this show were probably more comfortable on the London Underground than in the Central American jungles but that doesn't matter.The Doctor is a far cry from today's version-  with no real alien identity (two movies had him as definitely an elderly Earthman)- but that didn't matter- kids loved it and more than a couple of their parents too!.A captivating history lesson"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This was a quirky show, but it has Damian Lewis who went on to Homeland and Sara Shah who went on the Person of Interest and a cute shjow that I forgot the name of where she played a bubbly corporate negotiator--a real 180 from her acting in Life and Person of Interest.This show was cut short in its second season, but they did do a finale which was pretty good at tying up the loose ends.  I enjoyed the whole Zen thing and Lewis' unending pursuit of the people who framed him. The ending was maybe a little too happy an ending but overall I thought this was entertaining and I loved the actors."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS SHOW IT'S SO UPROARIOUSLY GUT-BUSTINGLY KNEE-SLAPPINGLY GOOD! I ALSO LOVE DAVE 'N BUSTERS, THEIR FOOD IS SO GOOD I LOVE THE STEAK ESPECIALLY FROM DAVE AND BUSTERS; DAVE AND BUSTERS IS GREAT LIKE THIS SHOW! I ALWAYS ORDER THE COORS LIGHT FROM DAVE 'N BUSTERS, IT TASTES SO REFRESHING DOWN MY THROAT AFTER I ORDER A DELICIOUS STEAK FROM DAVE 'N BUSTERS! I'M NOT SURE WHY BUT EVERYTIME I WATCH SEASON 5 OF IT'S ALWAYS SUNNY I CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT HOW DELICIOUS DAVE 'N BUSTERS IS AS WELL AS COORS LIGHT!BTW GO TO DAVE 'N BUSTERS AND ORDER THE STEAK AND A COORS LIGHT, YOU WON'T REGRET IT!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While the finale of the series could be call ambiguous it also left a decent ending that will still leave many fans of the series happy enough so there should be little disgruntlement felt by them.  This season saw the removal of Sam Carter as leader of Atlantis and the Representative of the IOA placed in charge though he isn't the puppet many expect him to be. Also we see a much stronger showing of some of the background characters which is appreciated especially since this is the final season I guess the writers and producers felt that those characters deserved that.  While we say goodbye to this sci-fi series which started weak but ended strong a sad farewell you can add this series to your other t.v. show dvd collection to watch again at your leisure and for the price very much worth it...."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Pretty family friendly most of the time!  It's a fun show with teen mermaids filmed at Australia's SeaWorld but has enough drama & mystery to stay interesting & refreshing.  Sometimes characters go in and out of episodes too much but perhaps that's necessary with such a large cast. (For example, Rikki's boyfriend Zane might be on episode 3 then you won't see him or that storyline till episode 7.)  I like that there is practically no bad language and violence to a minimum and that it focuses on good things like friendship, responsibility, loyalty etc.  My young kids and my teens like it and I do too, so thumbs up!!  My mom actually watched the show & recommended it to us since she liked it so well.  But remember, it is a teen drama...there will be corny moments...overall, 4 stars."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The first half of this movie you're left wondering why RW is such a whimp.If I had a kid like that, I would smack the **** out of him so others wouldn't have to put up with him.Fortunately, that didn't happen.After all the negativity that RW had to put up with, he takes a frown & turns it upside down.The movie centers around sex, & there are some very awkward scenes that are hilarious.If you need a good laugh, this is it.You end up knowing more about what's going on than the people in the movie.RW was the World's Greatest Dad for putting up with his kid, then taking care of business.You'll know the scene when you watch it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The dudes are getting a bit more sensitive that I want them.  But hey stuff changes and it is still a lot of fun with math which I never saw coming.  Plus we get some super yummy guest spots with Lou diamond Phillips.  The guest stars are a lot of fun, you never know who is going to show up and I like that.  it is still an exciting show with a good mix of gun fire and family.  so sit down with your family and watch this."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "By third season I think that I was just along for the ride, Heroes always &#34;looked&#34; good but always fell short of its potential, at least this one rises above what Season Two was turning itself into. If you like scifi / fantasy you can find some good bits here, but the &#34;bargain bin&#34; might still be the way to go. My set advertises &#34;over 20 hours of bonus features&#34;- that would be the best reason to watch this season ( and even that doesn't explain dropping so many second season characters like Claire's flying boyfriend)."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I didn't watch Glee when it originally aired.  Guess I had too many other shows to watch.  Since I told DirecTv where they could put their satellite dish, I'm enjoying Amazon Prime to watch shows I had previously missed.Glee is an awesome show.  I watched Seasons 1 through 4 and I'm waiting for Season 5 to finish before I start watching that.  I decided to watch 1 through 4 again while I wait.  It just kept getting better.  I think you get more involved when you watch a series all at once instead of weekly installments.  It's nice to see their voices mature and get better.Burt Hummel is the best dad ever.Sad that Cory Monteith is gone...amazing to see how many people's lives he touched."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Rome\" is my personal favorite miniseries ever.  It has a gritty authenticity that transports the viewer to the Rome of Julius Caesar's time.  The acting is first rate, the storylines are terrific, there is very little not to like about this miniseries.  My favorite aspect of this series is the friendship that develops between Lucius Vorenus and Titus Pullo (Kevin McKidd and Ray Stevenson).  The character study of the differences between these two men is really fascinating.\"The Stolen Eagle\" is the first episode of the miniseries and one of the best.  Julius Caesar concludes his war in Gaul and must now confront the Senate over his future.  Well, we all know what happens next, but this episode and series make it suspenseful nontheless.Highly recommended.  RJB."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a series I found on TV by accident. Became a fan. Told two friends, they became fans, and so on. When we eagerly waiting for the new season, we would rehash the past season, making possible plot's all our own, you know, really into it. Then when the announced date came and went, we researched, what went wrong. Found out it had been cancelled.  That was my first realization that TV had become like all other business, just that. Business. So disappointed with major networks. They had managed, with Kings, to create a possible alternate future of our world, that did not involve space ships or aliens or even magic. So, watch this series, and judge for yourself, if it wasn't an excellent addition to any network line-up."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Hao Hao!  This is an exceptionally well-crafted movie, from story line to visual execution, I found myself watching it twice. It is a period piece with large battle scenes and close-up individual fight stunts that are awesome. It is a tale of friends who rise to protect their land and the people who live there. Beautifully choreographed and filmed, you will want to own this one. Others have reviewed with great detail, and I will let their comments stand. The five and four star reviews here are excellent. I am a PRIME customer, so I got to watch this free on AMAZON.COM. For $79 a year, you can save a truck load on shipping costs, get your merchandise quicker, and now you get access to great movies and TV shows, FREE!  I have been a PRIME customer since 2006 and I can tell you it has been worth EVERY CENT!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season 6 is a slap in the face for those who faithfully followed this series for 5 years.Something happens to screenwriters when they have to write those last 3 episodes -- they stop being creative and want to simply take the money and run.  They write crap.This ending is even worse than The Sopranos ending -- would you believe it?  They should be ashamed of themselves.I bought Season 6 used, at a great price, and I now would feel ripped off if they had given it to me for free.If you liked the previous 5 seasons, and the characters, do not -- I repeat -- do not watch season 6.  They are stealing money from you under false pretenses."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Mind you, this review is coming from someone who could care less about the STAR TREK series and films. I went along with a few friends to see this, and while I really enjoyed the first forty minutes, the rest of the film was rather weak. I didn't care for any of the characters. Maybe it's just me. Science fiction is my least favorite genre. I can say this: the acting was well done. I was surprised by how good they were. Bravo to the actors. As for the rest of the film, well, lets just say I won't be seeing it again.See it if you must. Trekkies will get a lot more out of the film than I did. In fact, I'm sure they'll have a blast."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I agree with the reviewer JW. The best of the Morses are concentrated in and around the Oxford colleges-so that is perhaps why I only liked this season - very much -instead of loving it.The first episode is the best one, centering around the murder of a police inspector who is writing his memoirs, which includes a chapter on unsolved cases. The discovery of the theft of that chapter during the course of the investigation causes Morse to open a cold case, that of a 17 year old child murder --and its resolution has both moving and shocking consequences.What I always love in the Morse episodes is the dual thread story lines: in search of one thing, Morse discovers entirely neglected byways which lead him to the elusive truth. And it is no different in the other episodes which deal with the death of a feminist cleric, the murder of a local painter, the garroting of a Greek restaurateur and a trip to the Australian outback, which rounds out season five. Four and half stars."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love a well-told ghost story. THE ORPHANAGE is fantastic! It is a flesh-bubbler w/ loads of mystery and dread. If you enjoyed THE CHANGELING (w/ George C. Scott), THE HAUNTING (the original version), or any intelligent spooker, then consider this movie a gift from the ghoul-gods! I was very satisfied w/ the story, the heavy atmosphere, and the puzzle to be solved. The ending is both terrifying and heart-breaking at once. THE ORPHANAGE deals w/ the agony of tragic loss as well as the supernatural. It is a human story that slowly shifts into nightmare. It is also about the unbreakable bond between a mother and son. Highly recommended. Spanish w/ english subtitles..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I have given this 4 stars for only one reason; it has an excellent ending in the tradition of the best classic science fiction tradition. That's what really saved the series for me. It's not a huge time investment, and it's worth watching despite the terrible acting (even the good actors are appallingly bad) and the bizarre plot (it's as if the writers wanted to cram several completely different plots into one short mini-series, leading to a real mess). If you love classic science fiction I think this is worth a try, but if you stop before the end you'll probably be left disappointed, as in all other regards this is a 2-star show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I marvel at the clever scripts. I marvel at the assemblage visuals to support the inventive scripts. I marvel at the actors that pull this off. The film editor must be a genius to intertwine all the pieces in to a cohesive story line. BRAVO! Making all the pieces fit into the premise of this inspired &#34;who done the bad deed&#34; is astonishing to me. Body language and facial clues expose everyone to scrutiny. This is the most &#34;unique&#34; show I've seen in years. pat on the back to all .. and five stars from me.. to you..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The same could be said for Series 1-4 & 6:  We found ourselves 'rationing' the 3 episodes in the final season.  With our current penchant for sex, profanity and violence, it's hard to describe the overwhelming attraction that Foyle's War evokes.  Michael Kitchen can do more with minor facial movement than most actors could do with a 2-minute diatribe.  Sam, the driver, should have retired the UK-version of Best Supporting Actress.  Truth be told, it's the only TV series I've ever promised myself I would watch again a year or two hence -- that includes Friday Night Lights, the 2nd best."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Curious George has been a classic for years, however, I believe that the Curious George show is better than ever.  There is always a lesson hidden in these adorable episodes.  My son LOVES to watch it, and I am happy to let him watch.  They discuss topics from counting to instruments, colors, nature etc.  The graphics are wonderful and sharp, music is so cute!  I truly find myself singing the opening song with him&#8230;always! It is nice for our children to have shows that are fun, as well as educational."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love the high school kids, I love the music . . . so much I found my eyes misting up. Ya . . . and I want them to win the Glee Club competition sooooo much.I've fallen in love . . .Hey . . . I'm a vet, I love military history, The Alien Trilogy, The Terminator Trilogy and Battlestar Galactica. I want to see the wall pasted with the bad guys.Can this really be happening . . . :)Note: At this moment I am pretty disappointed. I cancelled my subscription to Glee . . . the pilot was definitely a 4 star in my book. But the following series went downhill, IMO. The music changed, the plot seemed to get muddled and uninteresting. But especially the music . . . totally different. Mostly an obscure collection of semi-modern lyrical. Just disappointing"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I find myself cracking up even more than usual.  \"Dean Coontz\" is fantastic as the up-tight dean of the uni Hank is now working at (\"Bueler.. Bueler.. anyone?  Bueler..), and with Hank's wife off in New York for a spell, the college setting provides a pretty good set-up.  Runkle's female agent boss is hilarious (\"You say harassment, I say a couple of big juicy orgasms between friends\"), as is the continuing saga of Runkle's marriage. Rick Springfield is one of his clients (turns out Runkle's girl may be better than Jessie's).The end of this season will be sure to leave you wanting more from the 'rocket man' and company.  This is an addictive show and Season 3 goes out with a bang.  Brilliantly filmed last scene."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I liked this show and wish it were still being produced. The lead character is a smart former policeman (detective) who was wrongfully convicted of a crime and served, what, 12 years in the pen until he was exonerated and released. He wins a wrongful conviction suit and becomes rich but goes back to being a policeman. He got through the time in the pen by learning and practicing zen and by being smart. Now he brings that smartness and zen quality to the job of detective. As he goes about his detective duties he is also trying to figure out who set him up for the conviction. It is quirky and unusual - a rich detective, who as a very different outlook on life, is smart, and brings a very unusual philosophy of life to his work. Highly entertaining lead character."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It could be my Indian upbringing but for some reason I always feel at home when I watch Robin Williams. It could be the kindness in his eyes or the fragrance his happiness illuminates but he truly is a remarkable actor. In WGD, he does prove to me that even at 59, he remains one of the world's greatest actors.This film is for the morally tweaked, definitely not for those who live by calling everything mundane. It's funny, it's teary, it's funny, it is my film of the month. Do watch and share the word."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show was not what I expected at all. I really thought it was about old white men riding bikes living away from society trying to preserve their golden years. Boy was I wrong. This show is like new jack city meets scarface meets the god father who then meets training day. Lol. I watched all 5 seasons in one week!!! I was totally hooked.  You actually see each character develop and you can actually relate to their plight in some strange way. You kind of start rooting for the characters although socially and morally there actions need to be condemned. Definitely more graphic and explicit than any show I have ever scene. At one point I thought this must be the unedited version.  But nope  FX is the new HBO for cable. Lol. Just started watching the new season 6 and it is very graphic as well."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It was entertaining, and yes having lived in Southern Ohio for a while after moving their from a city out west, yes there are people like this everywhere in the country.  These people are horrid, but their story is interesting.  It is a depiction of poverty, and people living in coal country that live off the government SSI systems due to their mental illness.  They are crazy, take drugs, their children are hooligans, some are in jail/prison.  You just can't look away from this train wreck.  It reminded me of the show Justified, but this is reality for these people."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Better than sesame street. One of the best series from PBS. surprisingly education as george takes all sorts of field trips and explores all sorts of environments and settings and the writers use that to teach children about the world.It is very laid back and doesn't use cheesy songs or dances to entice kids. Instead it just focuses on cool adventures with george.As an adult I find it interesting and tolerable (barney or dora being rather nauseating to watch). My kids 3 and 6 find it engrossing and entertaining. they also learn a few cool things each time, especially if i'm watching it with them and pointing out things here and there to stimulate discussion.This is on par with Wild Kratts (which is an awesome series as well), but I'm almost tempted to say it teaches even more than wild kratts."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is based on a true fact of Chinese history, and John Woo, a master at film-making, has taken full advantage of computer-generated skill to present us with vast armies, flotillas of warships and - of course - one of his favorite stars, Jet Li.The film is awesome and spectacular, and no one has mastered the concept of a moving camera as well. Gone is the stationary tripod, and Woo keeps his camera hovering over and around his characters almost constantly. This is an epic winner."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This movie lost credibility points.The only survivor of a backstabbing battle is the general?I don't think so.The general is whom everybody would have been after.It would have been far more credible if he had been let go to be dishonored.The general would then have to commit suicide or regain his honor.In this case, it would have been further battle.I liked the woman & brothers parts, very good.The battle scenes were interesting, good effects.The drama, relationships & character building were excellent.The special features were eye opening.We have an experienced general whom knows how things really work, but he's played by the lords.If you know someone is crooked, you don't trust them, PERIOD!The ending of the movie was BS.Being killed by your brother ...Hello, were the general's eyes open?Don't trust anyone.It would have been far more convincing if the general was mysteriously assassinated with no face shown, then show the ending historical facts."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I heard about It's Always Sunny from a Kevin Smith Smodcast. If you haven't been force-fed the usual formula comedycrap replete with obnoxious laugh tracks, you might just like it.It's not a continuous knee-slapper but just some good ol' off-center comedy. Welcome back Danny DeVito - sure he's doing the same ol' DePalma character, but I STILL think it's funny. For me, it's another one of those sit down and plow through a DVD at a time. I would never have had the patience to watch these one at a time on the tube when it aired (that's just me)."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is an enjoyable Psych episode that pretty much follows the show's normal format of flashbacks and improbable coincidental occurrences, and it works well. We like Psych and tend to watch the older episodes on Netflix over theRoku 2 XS 1080p Streaming Player, but this episode wouldn't stream so we bought it on Amazon since it was the next in the series.No spoilers from me: This is a Christmas themed episode that has Gus and Shawn going to Christmas dinner at Gus' parents house where Shawn tries to impress Mr. and Mrs. Guster, but things don't go too well when a neighbor is found murdered.Sometimes the acting is a little over the top and often boarders on downright silly, but it is a very clever and fun show.Highly Recommended!CFH"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I didn't realize until I was 15 minutes into the first episode that it was filmed in Canada. I haven't watched all of season 1, but I have watched enough to know it is a very tight drama.  Characters are fantastic and believable.  I do like that they finish each story while continuing to develop the main characters a little at a time.  I was also surprised to see it was on TV for 5 seasons.  Hmm, well missing it then is making it a great way to catch up now.  Well worth watching."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "A fabulous show that was cancelled far too early. For those who haven't watched it, the show is a satirical situation comedy that focuses on a fictional multi-national corporation called 'Veridian Dynamics'. The main character, Ted, is the head of research and development and oversees a quirky team of scientists and product testers. I love the humor and the relationships between the characters. Portia de Rossi is perfectly cast as the emotionless member of management. The 'commercials' for Veridian Dynamics are hysterical. I highly recommend this show!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you can take the gritty in your face drama dealing with guns, drugs, gangs, their dealing with law enforcement.  This show has everything, mc chases/action for the guys, drama for the women.  Character depth and depiction in this show are spot on amazing for law enforcement and the the mc clubs/criminal elements of show.  The actors really pull in the muscle and deliver their characters authentically.  The way the mc club deals with other gangs, similar to politics.  Setting is also realistic depicting the urban decay of our Nor-Cal roadways, and urban buildings.  I just wanna know where all the award nominations are for this show.  Motorcycle Clubs are about the men, but the women in this show really pull their weight, especially Katey Sagal.  I am not into bikes other than the creativity that goes into the custom bikes,  and never thought I would be interested in this show, but it is truly awesome for a TV show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "to your sleeping time.  The show is very addictive and intriguing as it keeps you into it throughout every episode.  Of course we have Glenn Close playing as a top notch, take no prisoners and ruthless attorney defending people that were swindled out of their pensions and savings from the corrupt boss played by Ted Danson.  Who also does a wonderful job is his role.  As does the new attorney played by Rose Byrne who starts out as a wide eyed, the world is wonderful person.  But by season end so many things will happen to her that will change not only her views.  But her very way of life as well.An excellent show and an well written and directed first season.  There are so many other characters in the show that do their thing acting as well.  Well worth your buying but rent a couple episodes first to make sure this show is your cup of tea.  Really looking forward to the next season of Damages without a doubt."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I don't know why people are not raving about \"Leverage\" in the same breath they use on \"Weeds\" or \"The Wire,\" \"Mad Men,\" or other great cable TV series.  \"Leverage\" has a terrific (if incredible) premise, a wonderful cast, and among the best writing on TV.  It combines the fun of the classic Robert Wagner series \"It Takes a Thief\" with the witty dialog of \"Buffy, the Vampire Slayer\" to create a perfectly entertaining and engaging confection.  This is television of the first rank, and this DVD set makes for extremely addictive viewing."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Having been in nearly the same situation more than once, I identified with the Phoenix character, though not with his bipolar problem. He falls for two women at once, but for different reasons. One seems like his backup plan in case the one he really wants, Paltrow, falls through, which she does at every opportunity because she is almost as unstable as him. In the end, the Plan B comes into play. Along the way, Phoenix delivers some realistic emotions, as do the two female leads. This is a very contemporary film, fraught with real adult desires and frustrations when we search for love and don't always find it perfectly."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This first season had a handful of strong episodes.  Intriguing premise, though you get the feeling the momentum can't be maintained long-term.  There's a LOT of cat-and-mouse, which can get old if you binge-watch, but it's very well-made and scripted.The only thing missing is the \"wow\" factor, making it not all that memorable.  But if you love sci-fi and are looking for something to follow, I'd definitely recommend a watch.  It may have only lasted two seasons, but I watched every single episode as it broadcast, and was disappointed when it wasn't renewed."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "And I mean that in every way ;). She looks so pure and innocent. As I said about &#34;Strangers With Candy&#34; I am not sure this series could be shown on TV these days because it isn't politically correct enough. Too many people have forgotten how to laugh at themselves any more.I have also heard that Sarah is kind of like she is in this series in real life in the sense that she is outspoken and sometimes people are offended by her honesty and political incorrectness. Lighten up America (and others), humor and laughing at oneself is better medicine than anything a doctor could give you."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "At first I only watched oh, maybe 1/2 a show thinking hmmm I don't know..then I went back and did the whole show and reallygot into the main character mind you it's not the usual cop show which is a wonderful departure..the writing is inventive and quirky which makes it interesting. The stories are basically stories about cops and bad guys but the way they are treated keeps me coming back and I find that I will miss it as it only went 2 seasons. They can't seem to stand good shows in Hollywood. There aremany shades of grey in this series and if you are tired of the same ol same ol' give this a spin but it's the sticking with it that willreward you."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The long odyssey of the remnants of the human race comes gradually to a head in the first part of BSG's final season. The wear and tear is starting to show in both ship and crew. Edgy, gritty as hell and operatic in scope, this sets the bar for outer space SF well into the troposphere. There may never be another series or movie to compare. I look forward to owning the entire series and watching it again, from start to finish. Amazing stuff.That said, I do think the producers are screwing us with this split season approach...."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Yes I enjoyed the first season of this show, that I thought was a summer fill in.  I was happy to suspend my disbelief in the fantasy premise of a boutique practice in the Hamptons. By the last show of the season the scripts had become boiler plates with fill in the blanks for the next show. The characters were one dimensional pulled out of a royalty free store for characters.  Credit is due to the strength of the cast. All are engaging and held my interest enough to watch through the end of the season. They all had the chops to make a cardboard character look like more than than it really was. In spite of the efforts of the cast this show was too thin for me to watch a second season"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am a dinosaur when it comes to TV.  There are so few TV shows today that I like.  The format for today's shows bores me.I still use an antenna and had never seen this show. When it was syndicated a friend told me I had to watch it.  I was hooked immediately!  What a great show!  The writing is excellent, the cast is brilliant.  Whoever cast that show deserves an award!  Since I don't have cable I have not seen Season 5 yet and can't wait for it to come out on DVD."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "What a morose way to end such a fun series. I always said that if they ever began taking this show seriously, it would come to a bad end, and I was right. It's like, we're ending the season with no sense of humor. In fact, we're gonna off the Asgard by letting them commit mass suicide and then we're going to spring a Greek tragedy on poor T'ealc. This show succeeded through its sense of humor (why else watch a show where everyone within three galaxies all speak 21st century English? Duh!). Now it fades into oblivion without any sense of fulfillment. What a shame. Maybe that's why this season is going for $29! I'd rather buy two copies of Season 1! How do I pick zero stars?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Lie To Me is unique in that the science in the episodes is proven and real. The stories may be fictitious, but each episode is riveting and will have you stunned and on the edge of your seat. Everyone, male and female I have introduced to Lie To Me was an addict by the end of the first episode. I hate that it was cut after 3 seasons. Excellent actors, and has everything you could want from entertainment.... drama, comedy, suspense, you name it! I HIGHLY recommend it to anyone looking for something new to enjoy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I have no idea, but they did it! David Tennant is BRILLIANT! He may not be the best-looking actor in the world (so say many of my teen and twenties friends), but his talent and the character of the Doctor make him the sexiest! I think he's gorgeous! His interaction with Billie Piper is breathtaking and even though I despise chick-flicks and romance type stories, I think the love story between the Doctor and Rose is the most emotion-grabbing I have ever experienced. I hate to admit it, but I cried... more than once! and so did my hubby, and all our college aged friends!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is the premature end of a really great series. It was probably the best on TV since The West Wing. Like the WW it had a great cast, strong writers and great directing. The only real problem with Boston Legal globally was besides the 3 main characters, the continuous change in the secondary characters between all seasons. This led to the loss of mainly some great female characters that were indispensable. This was in line with Ally McBeal where characters disappeared between seasons without much explanation. This has been the main problem with the series since it has not permitted continuity. Otherwise the series has been perfect. The acting from Shatner, spade and Bergen is simply wonderful. The series does end in a slightly weird manner but weird episodes was a recurrent phenomenon in thie series as well as in Ally McBeal. All I can say is may they all live happey together but we will miss them."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Jericho was an attempt at embarrassing GW Bush ; that alone made it nearly FLOP . the apocalyptic theme is ok for the regular viewer . for science , hunters , mechanics radio types , it will leave you COLD ! .. forgot FARMERS !! i think they git the worstest  treatment as far as \"REALITY\" is concerned . players as all pretty good . McRaney always does well .story line is consistent , but the props are sometimes BIZARRE . 3 get into an argument because a young woman says \"gas cant be transported in metal tanks !!\" well , just plain STUPID .the second season does wrap it all up in similar vane , but some twists only the emotionally handicapped mite , i say MITE believe .well its up to you . i call it a \"draw\" . you're not losing your money , but if looking for \"reality\" in your viewing , this isnt where to go .G'nite y'all"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's not that we're soft, like &#34;marshmallows.&#34; It's more like we're addicts for the soft, sweet, heated up, treats that The Veronica Mars show dished out. We're more like raccoons. We can't get enough of that browned, white, semi burned, funky stuff. The movie delivered it. Dished it right up on a reminiscent platter on a brand new table. Yum! Feels as good as ever. And if we gotta dish out more Kick Starter Cash to get Movie Two&#8230; DON'T BE SURPRISED. We raccoons have a tendency to get what we crave, one way or the other. You Dig?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Thanks to Amazon Prime, we watch many films.  Some of them are quite forgettable.  This one was not.We are interested in films purely as entertainment.  The acting talents of Ciar&aacute;n Hinds made this film special.  We are less impressed with Aidan Quinn, but perhaps that came from the sleazy character he played so well. How is it that we had not zeroed in on Hinds years ago?  His name was barely known to us before The Eclipse, and we are not sure how we failed to notice his portrayal of Dumbledore's brother in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.  We'll even pull Jane Eyre out and watch that one again, now that we know who played Rochester.In this film, my wife and I &#34;discovered&#34; Ciar&aacute;n Hinds, quite belatedly.As the film itself, I am one of those people who want a clearly defined ending or at least a strong implication that one is imminent.  Perhaps I would have changed the d&eacute;nouement just a bit."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Look, I'll be honest.  I think the originalStargatewas a great sci-fi movie.  But the side series just never caught on with me.  People went through the gate, had an adventure, then returned, ad infinitum.  I'm surprised I even gave SGU: Stargate Universe a try.But I'm glad I did.The unique nature of this Stargate story is that a bunch of people, ill sorted and ill prepared, have to go through a Stargate to survive.  And they find themselves on an ancient ship located... on the other side of the universe?  NoStar Trek Voyagerhere, stuck 70 some years from Earth.  These passengers will have to get the shipboard Stargate powered and dialed for Earth.  And the eclectic nature of the part civilian, part military crew gives the screenwriters a great deal of material to work with.Interesting stuff!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My toddler loves Mili, Geo, and Bot. This show occasionally gets on my nerves (especially when my toddler makes me sing the theme song 439758475238490 times in a row) but it's so worth it. I did so terribly in math when I was in school because I believed that because I was a girl, I could not do math. I felt so worthless and stupid. In fact, I had anxiety attacks all through college because of it. I love that there's a show out there empowering kids (especially girls) to do math. I love that there's a female superhero who is smart and not dressed up like something out of a male fantasy. If this helps give my child a little bit more confidence later on down the road, then it will be worth it to have to sing, &#34;you've got mighty math power&#34; as many times as I have to!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show probably ranks as one of the top three that USA network shows the other two of course being Burn Notice and Psych,  and while there are other doctor shows out there this one with it's cast of talented actors and actress as well as special guests make it very enjoyable and worth checking out.  While the first season only gives you twelve episodes the second season will give you more to wet your appetite with having eighteen episodes,  and yes while there are a couple that aren't that great on whole the show will probably still entertain you and your family and friends."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "That pretty much sums up the theme of the film.  The immensely wealthy paterfamilias Ogden C. Osborne and the poor son of a masseuse Finn Earl are two peas in a pod, and Osborne sees that right away. Osborne has already triumphed, thanks to a little blackmail on the part of his grandfather, and you get the impression that Finn will do the same after surviving a very rough coming-of-age summer with the Osbornes and his ex-drug addict mother. It's about tribal behavior in a \"fierce\" primitive tribe studied by his biological father and tribal behavior in a \"fierce\" robber baron family headed by Osborne:  sex, love, murder, rape, jealousy, and all that human stuff that doesn't change no matter what costume you happen to be wearing or how much money you have."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I just read that Heroes has been canceled.  I'm sad to see the show go.  I must admit that I'd never heard of the show until a couple of months ago, and spent the last couple of months watching all the episodes back to back.  I was hooked after watching season one, disappointed that season two was so short (writer's strike), season three picked things up again, and season four had it's share of surprises.I really loved how the show gave flesh and bone to the characters, and even switched them from good, to bad, to good again.  The cast was fantastic, all of them.  And, as for Sylar (Zacary Quinto), he was one of the creepiest villains I've ever seen on the screen.  I wouldn't want to run into him on the street.This show has been some of the most engaging television I've seen in ages.My thanks to all who brought us this remarkable show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My daughter, now five, loved watching Yo Gabba Gabba from right around the time she turned two years old. Now our son is two and has just discovered YGG for himself. He loves it! Both kids enjoy the music, color, and the dancing. They never sit still for long when YGG is on. They immediately jump up and start dancing and singing along. This show is a little out there with the costumed characters and DJ Lance but reminds me a lot of &#34;Zoobilee Zoo&#34; on PBS when I was a kid so I get nostalgic watching YGG with my kids. We're big fans of the show. Hopefully more seasons will become available on Amazon Prime soon but, in the meantime, my kids are perfectly happy to watch the same episodes over and over again!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Another Damien Lewis triumph.  I've been impressed with this guy since he did the two mini-series The Forsyth Saga and Band of Brothers.  Band of Brothers was a stand-out performance since he was a Brit playing an American officer of the 101st Airborne.  Nicely done by him and he is a coming actor.  Just needs the right launch pad.  Life is a good choice.  It has a great hook and the right quirkyness to make it really interesting and not like the usual drivel on American telly . . . the rest of the cast is good as well and with the continued good writing this show has a chance to succeed where most shows fail if they don't have CSI or Law and Order as part of their title.  So, if you want to watch something different and not the usual display of bullets entering a human body and puncturing various organs close-up this is a good one.  Life is good."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Mad Men\" is great and I've watched three seasons of it, but \"Breaking Bad\" is phenomenal (and I've only just gotten started).  In fact, this could be one of the best shows ever.  Seven fantastic episodes kicked off by the pilot-to-end-all-pilots.  The only lull in the season is when Walter White's family has a long intervention with him about why he doesn't want to get chemotherapy.  Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad scene, but it's blown away by every other scene in the show.  Bryan Cranston does a great job, as usual."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Quirky, clever, and very satisfying, Life is an excellent police procedural that takes place in Los Angeles. LAPD detective partners Crews and Reese are perfect foils, seeming opposites that play off each other's best and worst personality traits in such a way that the viewer ends up liking both characters, a difficult feat. Actors Lewis and Shahi do an excellent job. Lewis' American accent is spot on, and Shahi (a very beautiful woman) does the tough-cop, no-nonsense, recovering addict role just right. Other characters/actors are also great. Although I wanted the series to go on and on (it was cancelled), please don't be hesitant to watch the 2 seasons that are available. The underlying mystery, developed a little at a time through each episode, is satisfyingly (if perhaps not completely) resolved at the end. I watched the last episode last night, and I'm a little sad now. I will miss Crews and Reese."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This would have been a fairly boring medical show, if it was filmed in average USA town with working class or middle class patients. But what makes it watchable is the fact that it is filmed in the beautiful Hamptons and all the scenery and people are opulent, super rich and pretty. But even then, the show follows a predictable formula, and since Dr. Hank Lawson was an ER doctor, now turned concierge doctor for the rich, every case he deals with is a baffling emergency case. The syndromes and symptoms the patients have are new in every episode and very uncommon and bizarre in real life. Have you ever heard of &#34;a foreign accent syndrome&#34; for instance? You will, if you watch this silly medical show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show had so much promise.  Sure some of the characters were dreadful in dialogue.  Yes, you could tell things were off to a slow start.  But when the V first hit Earth it's all very exciting.  Then the show was thrown into a pile of trash, and is generally not worth watching.  I recommend watching the series until the V introduce themselves on the giant undership screens, then hit your foot with a hammer, and save yourself the time of watching anything further."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Hearts and Minds\" is a pivotal episode in the series, adding several key elements for future story lines. No spoilers from me, but as the title suggests, the \"Vs\" are working very hard to win the \"Hearts and Minds\" of the humans and seek to capitalize on the activities of the Fifth Column.This episode also shows us a little more of just how inhuman Ana is with the treatment of humans (with on scene that is not for the squeamish) and even her own daughter.Highly recommended!CFH"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I vaguely remember it the first time. There was a lot of hoopla and you weren't normal if you couldn't converse about each weeks episode. This time I was ill and decided to have a marathon. It all melted together. The actors,the script,music editors producers. it made me scream at the tv like an idiot and laugh like\" haywire\" and cry as though my brother was going to the chair!!!!! Wentworth is amazingly beautiful! eye candy. &lt;sorry> had to put that in! One of the funniest quotes I have ever heard came from Balak's mouth\" omg you are slower than a bunch of stutterers at a spelling bee\" just the visual made me crack up! the only unfortunate part is season two! I hope it gets better the episodes aren't as nail biting and a little predictable and I did see the second season before!! give my review later for 2.."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season is simply not as good as the previous ones. While the previous seasons were excentric and wild, in a most unusual way, here the attempts to go for gross-outs actually spolis the humour. The cast is great as the bunch of low-lifes who run Paddy's bar in Philadelphia but while there was acrazy funny side to the humour, now it is simply crazed. Danny De Vito was allways a problem because his character is not likeable at all in this series. The titles of the episodes say all: Mac and Charlie Die, Who Pooped the bed, Sweet Dee has a heart attack.... It does simply not hold up to the standards of the first seasons, which were irreverent funny. The worst bar in Philadelphia episode is the best and goes quite over the top with the gang kidnapping a restaurant reviewer for sacking their pub. The live performance featurette is good. there are still som funny moments but you will be better off starting with seasons 1 and 2."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I gave Poirot, series 6, a top rating of 5 stars because David Suchet, as always, is stunningly delightful in the roll. When reading the original books, he is exactly what one envisions Poirot to be, making the films spring to life. And it doesn't hurt that the production company takes such care to make it a period piece, with housing, furnishings, costumes, manners, even idioms of speech, complete to the time frame. May Poirot's &#34;little grey cells&#34; never fail to delight one and all!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It seems every year Hollywood dumps out a movie that is some combination of zombies, alien invasion, gory violence, gunplay and swordfighting all rolled into one.  For 2008, this was Mutant Chronicles, a movie about an ancient alien device that is re-awakened by WWIII and starts to turn mankind into zombies.  An international crew of soldiers, both guys and gals, are teamed up to destroy, or at least turn of, the alien device.  The movie has nothing special about its plot, dialogue, or even special effects.  All in all, a waste of almost 2 hours."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Cumberbatch plays a dysfunctional mathematician who is need of some serous personal development. He is a fish out of water, forced into a role he is ill-equipped to play. The plot is far fetched although familiar; of course I can't discuss that here. The resolution in the last episode seems rushed and somewhat unsatisfying as a result. Overall this is a fairly average British thriller in that it is extremely cynical and dark; it will not leave you jumping for joy and feeling spiritually renewed! I didn't enjoy this series anywhere near as much as Luther or Sherlock Holmes. Cumberbatch does as much with the script as he can - I understand what the script was trying to say but in this case it just wasn't especially convincing. Despite the criticism I did enjoy the series; I just felt it could've been so much more with a superior screen play."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Though I was captivated by the series right from the start, as the seasons progressed it only became more engrossing. I thought that Season Three really took off, and felt that anything attempted beyond that would be a let down. Alas! Season 4 tops them all for the depth of presented ideas, characterization, and adrenalin raising action.THough there were, I believe, 77 episodes in the series, as I approached the final episodes I felt a close friend was packing and departing from me. Then, in keeping with that feeling of loss, the final episode brought, I thought, the reality of life for us all to the center, and that is exactly how any production that &#34;holds the mirror up to nature&#34; as well as this series did should have ended. Magnificent! The finest video production I have ever experienced."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I like this TV show but it does get a little old watching David's character as an overly sexual playboy who keeps up the bad habits. I'm wondering when they will introduce the episode where he catches HIV at some point. I have watched a few old girlfriends from San Francisco die because of guys like his character.  Anyway, its entertaining. Also, the male behavior in the TV show reminds of the lifestyle and mentality of a lot of men in L.A. and San Francisco which is interesting, BUT it does get old too. Its like...really??? Gross! Grow Up!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Curious George, I think it is a wonderfully done cartoon. The imagery and artwork is beautifully done. The pace is exciting without being too overstimulating and frazzling like many of the other kids shows on today. The color, the selection scheme is aesthetic, not gaudy and tacky as are some of others. The Yellow hat character and others are charming and the show is overall respectful and informative add on shows great respect and forgiveness for George. We love the reality segments as well. Curious George is just so darn cute and the show superbly done. The kids love it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was looking for a comedy series and started watching Parenthood on Prime.  WOW... got sucked in and have been watching show after show.  the acting is outstanding, writing is amazing, realistic, not like a laugh track sitcom.  The comedy is subtle... sometimes just glances or a raised eyebrow, but really funny.  This show is more like a drama with the comedy suffused through it that life always provides. The families are loving and sweet and quirky and dysfunctional all at the same time.  Warning, if you're a big conservative, give this a pass... there are mixed race families, drug use by teens, etc, etc... just like in real life."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Five stars for the original footage, which is spectacular. The narrator, who voiced Hal the Computer in 2001 , A Space Odyssey, sounds like a wartime newsreel commentator, which is fitting, I suppose, given the material. The script, however, is only informative if one has never heard of Operation Barbarossa or knows nothing about the Russian Front. Additionally the prose is really purple, since the writer seems to think it enhances the dramatic content to repeat words. Eg: It was a drive that was relentless. Relentless. RELENTLESS. But the worst part of it was the dissonant score- imagine Nora the piano playing cat, only without the cute fluffiness. At the end of both volumes the endless pinging of the piano keys was relentless, Relentless, RELENTLESS.  Recommended with the sound off."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was able to catch a sneak peak of this on HDNET before it was released in theaters. I think the reason this film wasn't received well it that they marketed it as a horror movie.....which it is not! The film it about loss and coping with that loss and in the area of showing different types of grieving I do think this film succeeds. The acting is very good and I for one like the marriage here of drama and a little horror. I can say this much, this film has some good scares and they come because the film isn't focused on \"the ghost\". It's not a perfect film, but I think this one hasn't gotten the credit it deserves."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a very entertaining show. Con games are fun to watch, and con men are usually charming, that's how they manage to fool people. But some of us feel uncomfortable cheering for the con men, so in this show the twist is that the con man is recruited by the FBI and is using his skills to assist the law, so we are free to enjoy his tricks.I have to add that Matt Bomer, the handsome gay actor who plays Neal the con man,  is not convincing as a flirtatious straight man. He doesn't seem to have any chemistry with the women he was involved with, flirts with or tries to con. I have seen gay actors play straight men with much more conviction than he does."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I couldn't believe when they said they were going to crowd source the funding for this movie. But they actually did it and then some. my wife and I have always loved the series, and couldn't believe that they stopped it like they did., a la deadwood, pushing daisies, Fire Fly etc. anyway we loved the movie, we didn't see it in the movie theater, but we have Amazon prime and were able to rent it for 4 bucks....What a great deal. They left the ending so it almost looks like they could do another movie, which would be great!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "A gray and dystopic future, evil megacorp taking over the world and the people in it - OK, that part's been done. 'Metropia' stands out for doing it brilliantly. It's a lot more than that, though.Animation has explored the super-realistic, with just enough success that the discrepancies become especially jarring. This goes farther, well into the surreal. That allows for exaggerations of faces and figures, wide-eyed blankness and evil scowls that wouldn't be phyiscally possible for human actors. And, despite great advances in computer-aided post-production, animators can build their worlds from the ground up in the image they want, with no need to retrofit them into scraps of reality. This movie really does use animation in a novel and very distinctive way.Very enjoyable in many ways. Certainly not one for the kiddies, it scarcely qualifies as as \"adult\" movie - but body-shy viewers might have trouble with brief- and semi-nudity.-- wiredweird"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Wow, unexpectedly great show--I'd give it 10 stars if I could. Dr. Lightman (Tim Roth) doesn't just read facial cues to tell when folks are lying--he's pretty darn good at telling lies himself. This show is fresh, original, and addictive. I never would have thought the show would work with Tim Roth in the lead but he's terrific as are the other 2 main characters--you want to know what's going to happen to these people. And unlike another reviewer I liked how season 1 ended. These folks who study the science of lying have a gift, and that gift is both a blessing & a curse as you will see thru the first 13 episodes. Can't wait for season 2."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I won't write you a &#34;book&#34; on this one, others have already done that. This was one well done series, in just about any aspect. Well written, it even &#34;looked&#34; good- unlike the typical SYFY Saturday movie. I always wondered why religion came into the plot line the last couple of seasons, negatively portrayed at that, but maybe the writers were running out of material. Well written even if you don't like the subject matter sometimes, or the enemy ( I &#34;liked&#34; the Goa'uld- seasons 1-8, better than the Ori- 9-10, and even then the stories had something to them.Start at the beginning of the series, not the end, and always be sure to watch the extras each season.This was the best of the three Stargate series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "From what I can tell, Journeyman has gone the way of a lot of promising shows before it with low ratings. It's too bad as this show was starting to hit its stride, and had shaken my initial perception as a Quantum Leap ripoff. To the credit of the producers, the final filmed episode, \"Perfidia,\" offers a neat enough closure to the series that fans won't feel cheated. Hopefully, the Sci Fi channel or some other cable outlet will pick up the show--it deserves another chance."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is just generally excellent even the episodes that were clearly rushed or done with the intent of a single viewing are very well acted (voice talent), as well as well illustrated, despite the moments where batman seems to have superman-like abilities to defy gravity; but hey its a kids show at this point in the series, its not until the 3rd season of this show when they started to air it with Superman that superman could be the silly hero, so batman was able to become much more serious. And aloud for the tone of the whole DC animated world to get darker until where we are now where some truly amazing animated movies are coming from the same guys. And as always they are perfect for kids ages: being able to speak and up. Just like this show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Makes you wonder about those authors of self-help books, eh?  What they're really like?  If they have all the answers?  Are they the lucky ones who have it all together?Nice to see Jeff Daniels in a movie.  He plays an author of a top best selling self-help book.  In reality, he's a ... oh, I can't tell you, you'll have to watch the movie.The characters are well developed in this movie -- that is, who they are, their fears, worries, gifts.  Oh, and the girl you can't place but you know you've seen her somewhere -- the ditsy girl at the book store -- she's the brunette in TV's Two Broke Girls.Amazed to find such a good movie I never heard of.  I think you'll enjoy it.Sweet price for Amazon Prime Members:  Free"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This was the final season and a good season it was.  Personalities died and others emerged.  The show started the way it ended, with Tony in therapy (w/Carmella), Meadow, her usual brilliant self, truly growing into daddy's little girl, becoming a lawyer as a result of all the stuff she saw growing up, voicing her very strong beliefs.  Tony Jr., well, he lived up to the potential of uber rich New Jersey kids, dumped  the brown GF and took a BMW and an easy trail to his dreams.  Tony was facing another potential indictment, his solution, take the family to a dinner.In the end you could make him out to be a gangster, or just a guy providing for his family in the best way he knew how."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "What happened was this.....spoilers ahead.......Mr. Monk tore through the sixth season with stronger emotions, even beating up a guy who had something to do with Trudy's death. Dale the Whale returned to try to torment Monk, who had to fake his own death for a while.  Also, Julie Teeger got more screen time as she blossomed into a teenager, while Randy Disher was given more attention as well.  The captain continues to maintain a strong presence on the show, and so does Natalie.  Dr. Kroger holds his own.I missed Monk's brother Ambrose, though."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a re-packaging of the Original Series Season 1 box set. It includes only the first two discs with the first 16 episodes.Only for those who don't want to buy an entire first season!Disc 11. The Galaxy Being2. The Hundred Days Of The Dragon3. The Architects Of Fear4. The Man With The Power5. The Sixth Finger6. The Man Who Was Never Born7. O.B.I.T.8. The Human FactorDisc 29. The Corpus Earthling10. Nightmare11. It Crawled Out Of The Woodwork12. The Borderland13. Tourist Attraction14. The Zanti Misfits15. The Mice16. Controlled ExperimentFive Stars because the first season of the original series was great!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is one of the best done and most unique re-imaginings of superman. No fan of the DC Universe can safely continue to call themselves fans without seeing what would of happened if superman landed 8 hours later in earths rotation, thus landing in the USSR instead of the U.S.A. The ending of this tale also makes up for any of the small details one might quibble about when taking off stars. The only issue, which isn't much of an issue since it comes with the genre is that fact that the comics and \"in motion\" but are yet in still motion, while I've seen other \"motion\" comics with them putting the added effort of lip movement and believable motion amongst the characters."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The Warlords is an amazing film. The story is filled with epic war scenes and dramatic scenes of betrayal, especially towards the magnificent ending. Also, the whole film is shot beautifully. The music is epic and matches the film. Jet Li does a wonderful job and so does the rest of the cast. Everything about this film is powerful and holds a strong message. Sadly, the 1hr 50min Magnet version is the cut version, which is the one I saw. Yet, it was still a stunning movie. I look forward to watching the full version, though.The Warlords has violent war scenes throughout, with blood and gore. There is no notable nudity or sex. Warlords is a must-watch movie and I highly recommend it. (available on Netflix Streaming as of 6/22/12 if you're still unsure and want to save some money)"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is great. Plain and simple. A private consulting firm that specializes in deception training and recognizing people's \"tells\" is a great twist in the crime drama genre. I am also a big fan of Tim Roth, I think he's a great actor and he does an incredible job in this show. There are great characters, creative plots, and just all around great watching.There is underlying drama going on in the various characters' lives, which they touch on in each episode but they don't get too in-depth with. It's almost like giving a starving dog a small treat, just enough to make you want to watch the entire next episode to see if they reveal any more. This is 5 stars without hesitation. If you like crime dramas but are looking for something a little different, give this a go."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season 3 started with a Roar....just like a good movie....and that went on for afew episodes...till drama got in the way....crying babies and more drama that wedid'nt really need.... i dont mind knowing a bit of the crew's relationships butthis season they waste a lot of episodes on this crap. And if you are smart youcan see where this serie is going and how it possibly gonna end.So ..yep lots of great single episodes that gives Science Fiction a big boost butwe known that drama and Religion will eventually take over.So ..at this point...im only looking at the good episodes and i am fast fowardingthe social drama parts that are making me fall asleep.But by the end of this season....things once again are getting interesting...very interesting...and cant wait to watch season 4."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was not sure of this show so I took a chance and watched the first episode, it was a fresh look at crime drama.  A cop, wrongly accused (not so surprising a plot----aren't they always???) but still I continued watching.  The interesting hook was that he not only took the references huge settlement but had negotiated to keep his old job as a detective in the same place that accused, arrested, prosecuted and jailed him.  Hmmmmm, different. The humor is a sideline to a jaundiced look at the new/former workplace and although I think the female partner's role is a bit over the top, the cases are interesting and the tracking of who actually committed the crime he went to prison for is well thought out and executed. Thank you.&#8203;"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "As my friends told me, the show would get better as it went along, and so far I have to agree.  The show is very well done, and there are several episodes that I thought were particularly entertaining (some good laughs).  The corpses sometimes are still very graphic, gross and disgusting, and sometimes things get a little too technical, but it is still an excellent show.This DVD set has several extras and it does have subtitles for the hearing impaired.  I hope the quality of the show continued in the other seasons, which I am looking forward to watching.  (I do not have cable or satellite, and only buy DVD's.)"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I ordered this product and did not receive it; this review is from the uncut televised edition, which(I presume) is the same as the DVD.The theme, as with so many themes in 1950-1970 comedies, is a mild slapstick farce where a man's devotion to marriage is challenged.  Bob Hope is loyal to his wife but a misdialing of the phone gets him mixed up with a sexy movie starlet(played pefectly by Elke Sommer).  The rumor at the time in Hollywood is that Hope had requested to make this film with her as co-star.  I can't confirm that, but seeing the film, you could understand if he did.The film is pretty amusing and if you are a Bob Hope (or, to be honest, Elke Sommer) fan, then grab this.  Phyllis Diller is his \"co-pilot\" and, as always, puts in a perfect performance too."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is clearly a Thai film! You can tell Tony Jaa and crew got alot more money to make this film compared to the others but it leaves alot to be desired! In most martial arts flicks the fighting barely borders on believavble but this movie goes way past that line. Mainly at the end. It's like Rambo without the guns. Other than that the sequences are a bit jarring and the acting was kinda over the top in small doses. The costumes were fantastic though. I know it sounds like im ripping on this movie but im comparing it to Jaa's previous movie \"The Protector\"! Now that was amazing. This movie would definately appeal to younger viewers. Perhaps 12-18 years of age? I cant wait for the day when Hollywood gets together with Tony! That's gonna be good!..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love good caper shows, but the casting is almost a total disaster. Timothy Hutton, the black guy and the blond girl are not terribly engaging, likeable or compelling. The black guy, in particular, is utterly unconvincing as the stereotypical black computer superwhiz, and utterly annoying and bland otherwise, sleepwalking through the series. Timothy Hutton has a grandma vibe. But the tough guy is a good pick.I realize dissenting reviews of TV series are the kiss of death for a reviewer, but I have to be honest."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I loved this season of Bones even more than season one, as more of the cast are developing to fuller characters, with new subplots to keep things tied together, and more really cool forensics.Dr Brennan (Emily Deschanel) continues to struggle with her desire to feel normal emotional connection, while her intellect keeps her from exactly getting there, and while the chemical tension with her partner simmers under the surface. Thrown into the mix are new moral dilemmas due to her developing knowledge of her birth family, and shades of gray start to infiltrate her world of black and white. Can one be a moral (justified) killer? Etc. Forgiveness and love are examined in rather unique waysBones is very good TV, that I can enjoy with both my wife and my teens.So if you have already watched season one, get season two (but really, watch one first for the character development that is quite good) and have a marathon fun weekend!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Finished watching the series just a few weeks ago.  They left us hanging, so we were so happy to see the follow-up.  If this was a TV series, it would still do well today.  (Hint, make more.  Bring her back.)This movie however, felt just like the weekly show.  And as mush as we love the weekly show, we expected more from the movie. There was one obvious continuity mistake.  I'll let you find it.  The mistake makes you feel they were not too serious about doing the film right.Message to the producers... step it up.  Try again.  We want more, but don't take us for granted."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Rome is more than a series of soldiers, war and fighting.  Rome also presented every day life in the city of the country that rule the world.The series follows two soldiers, Lucius Vorenus (Kevin McKidd) and Titus Pullo (Ray Stevenson).  Vorenus was a senior soldier while Pullo, a strongman with a temper, was your average grunt.  Both liked and respected each other, but in the way of family, often quarreled amongst themselves.Reality is shown by the extras having been trained in military arts ranging from marching to swordsman ship.  Helmet, armor and metal costume elements were handcrafted given even more authenticity to the actors' wardrobes and sets.  Even period fabric of wool, cotton and silk were imported and dyed at the production site."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "To me, the story at times seemed stretched, thin and contrived. OK, so it is a fantasy, but the characters seemed to be doing things that wouldn't happed in their situation, things just to force a situation. Other times, I couldn't follow what was going on, like you had to have read the book to get it, but without the book. Overall, I enjoyed watching the whole series, though it could have been better.Would I recomend it? Depends on what day you ask me. It could go either way. Guess you have to watch it and see for yourself. If you are going to watch it, by all means start at the beginning or there's no chance you will understand what is going on."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was very pleased to find this on Criterion's pre-release list, but not surprised - it's just the sort of little-known cinematic gem that Criterion does wonders with. In fact, I've been looking for a copy of this for some time, having first seen Eddie Coyle years and years ago, the memory of the film's stark realism and mood etched in my mind like few others. This is definitive 70's Noir and a title fully worthy of a pull-out-all-the-stops release that Criterion consistently provides.  What a fine addition to the Criterion title catalogue, the choice reflecting - as usual - an impeccable sense of film history on the part of Criterion's staff."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am a die hard Jeff Goldblum fan and absolutely loved this show. I am sorry they cancelled it, but isn't that always the way the networks operate? This was a quirky show, based on the premise of a homicide detective being able to talk to the ghosts of the murder victims. I would bet there are millions of detectives that would love to have that gift to help solve murders. For Raines, Jeff Goldblum's character, it provides the ideal vehicle for the hilarious, rapid dialogue Jeff is known and loved for. He tries so hard to fight the gift, but when it proves so useful, he then welcomes it. The fun occurs when the ghosts talk when he is with other people and he either fights answering or answers and  then has to cover it up. His murdered partner is the impetus for the &#34;gift.&#34; Raines tries to avoid dealing with the concrete reality of that partner's death by solving others. It enjoyed the few episodes there were."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Like many people, I can have my interest spiked by advertising and such was the case with this show.  The advertising generated sufficient interest to get me to watch the \"pilot\" program, however, having done that, I will not be watching any of the other episodes (despite one review which indicates that the second season \"gets better\").In my opinion, the \"pilot\" should set the scene for what is to come.  It should generate sufficient interest to induce you to watch another episode and another and so on.  As it did not do this for me there is no logic in watching further episodes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I never saw Parenthood on tv, only picked it up last year on amazon.com. Am thoroughly pleased with the aspect of getting to know the characters in this story line. Not condescending not stuffy not ultra trendy, just a very believable group of relatives sharing the strange twists and turns that life brings them, and how the siblings deal with each other siblings problems. Now I am &#34;hooked&#34; and have seen all the shows that I can see. Have seen many of the actors in other movies, tv sitcoms, etc, and it is refreshing to see all these actors taking on new characters and situations. High caliber all around. If and when (hope so) here is more to see, you know I will be tuned in. Thanks."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My wife and I have recounted several times how the &#34;Curious George&#34; series has &#34;educated us&#34; on how things are made or simple physics, chemistry, math and science lessons.  I know that our children enjoy the entire series as well.  We have 7 kids, ranging from 11 years old all the way down to twins still in the womb.  We plan to continue (and possibly purchase) the Curious George series because of it's educational value, lessons, and good moral principles that are (for the most part) biblically based on the 10 commandments.  Many lessons like: Why its important to always tell the truth, honoring your parents, not harming others, the importance of listening...all great tools for good education as well as entertainment value.  Would recommend to anyone."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is fresh and smart and always had clever idea for new cases and stories yet it was canceled ?? When Smallville which is sorta just dragging on these days is going on to it's 7th season. But hey at least that's way better than 7th Heaven which at least isn't coming back. Why can't the CW bring back Veronica if they could bring back the lame 7th Heaven after canceling it. I got into Veronica Mars the most this season, so it really bugs me that it got canceled. Hell I think everything was canceled but Smallville and Supernatural, so why would they have to cut this show too ? It was actually good even if Veronica could act just a little too much like an overly goofy version of Buffy. It was still a really good unpredictable teen detective show and beats a lot of the crap shows that actually weren't canceled this year!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Im sure everyone would like to edit this movie in something a bit better,,,is it Ron 's red riding hood cape or that huge amount of cheeze, or maybethe mutants could have used a bit more errie vocals...but all said thisis a pretty good movie that wanted to do it all but could only do somuch due to many factors...We have trench warfare like world war 1&2...we have powerfull coorporationsbent on winning at all price, and we have the newly arrival of the MACHINE.So, it might not be the best,, but they sure tried and came out with thismovie that is worthy of a view.This is a keeper for me."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "When this movie starts flipping between the present, and two different times in the past (which itself takes time to figure out), it is hard to follow. At first. Once the characters and their places in time become a bit clearer, the story evolves into a complicated tale of a search for love, understanding and acceptance (both by/from others and one's self). I found the story to be one that drew me in, and even when the ultimate direction became clear, kept me engaged until the end.Great cast too!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "After a few years on hiatus Futurama returns with the same voice actors and animators, it's like it never really left.  In Season 5 the cast travel into the far future, test out new 'Eye Phones', celebrate X-mas, Robanukah and Kwanzaaa, and even visit Comic Con.As with many comedies this later season is a bit more gimmicky and outrageous than the earlier seasons (even considering it's a show set in the 31st century) it also relies more on reoccuring characters than creating new ones.But these are minor quibbles.  There are funny slapstick episodes, profound ones (the Late Philip J Fry comes immediately to mind) and character-driven ones.  It's a welcome return for a beloved show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Good Dick has a very off-putting title but at the heart of this dark comedy, lies a beautiful and complexed story. Jason Ritter is absolute perfection in this film! He holds this film together. I loved all the different layers of his character and the troubled woman he falls in love with. The two characters are given no name which I didn't even noticed until the credits rolled at the end! The 'man' tries to help the 'woman' out of her isolated existence, come to terms with her horrible past, and learn to love again. Good Dick is a strange but intriguing love story, definitely worth buying! Enjoy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Well above average haunted house film. As emotional as it is scary.The same could be said of most of producer Guillermo Del Toro's films.The story feels a little too familiar for most of it's length to quitemake it to classic film status, although the last 10 minutes doelevate it to something more moving and more thoughtful than 95%of thegenre pictures currently being made.Wonderfully acted by Belen Rueda, as a mother whose child mysteriouslydisappears. Well shot as well.The kind of film I look forward to re-watching, sure that now that Iknow its secrets, there's even more to be uncovered."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "*SPOILERS!*This is my favorite Doctor Who season and the chemistry between the tenth Doctor (David Tennant) and Rose Tyler (played by Billie Piper) is outstanding.  I love watching them sing the theme to Ghostbusters, laugh together, and when Rose is possessed during a trip to the hospital, watching her throw herself at the Doctor for a kiss and he seems completely startled but as she walks off he mumbles  \"Yep, still got it.\"  XD  David/Billie - you guys are awesome!Season 2 is a must for Doctor Who fans."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love Hank and Evan. I personally think this show is different from your typical doctor shows on tv right now. Hank is a doctor that was let go from the hospital were he was currently worked, feeling depress his brother Evan who is funny in the show take him to the Hamptons where everything change for them. Hank became the go to doctor who goes to the clients rich or poor and with the help of his brother the business became Hank, MED.  It's a very good show fresh and a little different for me."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Fast, facile jokes in a similar style to 30 Rock or Arrested Development make this caricature of Monsanto (a nefarious R&D heavy company that makes both GMO food and pesticides) a lot of fun.  In contrast to Arrested Development, however, the characters are not very well developed, and so I'm watching it with far less empathy than those in AD.  The lack of social empathy is more like 30 rock where only a few characters are singled out for elaboration but they are so over-caricatured and ancillary that they are unrelatable as humans: in Ted this is the zany scientists and cold ceo and in 30 rock Jenna, Tracy, the paige and the writing staff."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "When I was a young man running my first rig in the Oil Fields in Kern county California, was having trouble with doing jobs faster than the other crews I worked with. One day the man who trained me pulled me aside and said \"You don't get it... They don't want good operators, they want good liars\".In this wonderfully written and acted series, Minnie Driver and Eddie Izzard test that theory, in the world of the upper class, by \"stealing the American dream\".  This series brings the public to a mostly unknown hidden culture in America of the Travelers (Irish Gypsies) which is something cool in a TV show, going so far out of the box of regular TV writing it's in another warehouse.If you want something very different, \"The Riches\" is a show for you."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series was listed as 'suggested viewing.' Fault to me for not reading why it was suggested. Thirteen episodes later? Possible reasons are an interest in military medicine and forensic pathology. The episodes offer a reasonable account of several cases that I actually remember. The reenactments and the ability to follow the actual thought processes of those involved with both criminal and forensic aspects is well presented. The diagrams and conclusions of experts in multiple fields of criminology is definitely a positive. It certainly doesn't resemble my usual military history documentaries! Just because I stumbled into this doesn't mean that I wouldn't recommend the series for those with an interest in this genre. Not a 'TV person' so I have no reference point for a comparison. The personal interviews add the dimension of reality."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is one of the best series I have seen in a long time. The story is compelling, makes you think about what could really be, and shows how easily we can turn on each other when the chips are down. Each episode left me looking forward to the next....... and then I found out that there is no ending to the series. I couldn't believe it. I searched the Internet from every angle; only to confirm that the series ended with season 2. I did discover that the story continues in what I thought was &#34;book format&#34;, so I eagerly ordered the 'book' for my Kindle; only to find out that it is a comic book, not a real book.So, if you can live with not seeing the series completed, I would highly recommend watching it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I found this show to be completely captivating.  We all become psychoanalysts watching this, you can't help but pick apart the psychology of the women involved.  One feels horribly sorry for most of these women, who are so insecure and desperate that they go looking for prisoners to marry, only to be horribly taken advantage of, almost every time.  All the excuses they make for themselves and how they're different... how you can't help who you fall in love with (yeah, right!)... fascinating stuff.  I wish there was a season two."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The final season (YES...ONLY 3!!! WAKE UP BBC!) is fantastic. While we never actually find out what happened on the now infamous fishing trip, we still feel like we are in a good place with all concerned. If this show does get legs in its American version, I do hope Ruth Jones takes a very active hand and perhaps allows us to learn more about Nessa. She is the lynch pin of the show. You never know what will come out of her mouth and G & S fans were treated to some cameos that perhaps American viewers might not have picked up on. Again, it will be fun to see how it pulls off in the States if it ever gets off the ground."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a great show that just keeps getting better and better.  The writing is very clever and characters are a riot.  I can't get enough of this show, and get a laugh out of it every time I see it, even the reruns.  One of the most original and funny shows to come around in a long long time.I'm happy to see this out on DVD and hope the show continues.  If you haven't seen the show watch a few episodes.  I think you'll  like it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season is not as good as other seasons, but it's still alright. One of my favorite episodes is when it's HALLOWEEN and Satan is throwing a big Sweet Sixteen party and acts like a spoiled rich teenager. Also Stan, Kyle, Cartman, and Kenny deal with the death of their friend Chef, stop Manbearpig, try to get a Family Guy episode pulled, defeat a nerdy gamer on World of Warcraft, and stop Ike from having sexual relations with his smokin' hot teacher. (Nice!) All this and more happen in SOUTH PARK: THE COMPLETE 10TH SEASON!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Well cast drama quite accurately depicted. Don't believe,however, Jonathan Rhys Meyers would ever be mistaken as a double for the original Henry VIII! Nor would any of the real wives and children be as glamorous as the ones Hollywood chose. But the action, the sets, the activities, the costumes, the political-religious arenas of the day were all so true to life that we must grant Hollywood some leeway. All in all, it was a marvelous portrayal of 15th-16th century England. More such dramas should be presented on TV."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I never saw the Morse series when it was on TV, only heard it referenced in the INSPECTOR LEWIS series.  I finally decided that I needed to see the orginal.  It wears well in spite of the number of years since it was made, just like Morse's car !  I am encouraged to find DVD's of other series featuring Mr. Thaw as I hope they will continue to quality.  Also, the location of Oxford is marvelous.  I got the companion DVD MORSE's OXFORD for a closurte look - I will never be able to visit Oxford in person, but felt like I had a nice private guided tour after watching this."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "this episode is a good one, Jesse tries to get a job since his partner don't want to continue making money off drugs. Walt and his wife goes to a old friend birthday party. Jesse meet his old friend after a bad job interview. They hook up to make crystal meth but it goes wrong when Jesse tries to make it perfect like his old partner, meanwhile Welt is offer a jod by his old only because the friend was told Walt was dying by his wife. Later on in the show Jesse & Walt are back at it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "There's definitely some oomph missing from this season, with Tommy being weak and helpless much of the time.  Colleen has become completely stupid and annoying.  And I miss Jack McGee.However, the Jewish fire chief is wonderful, Tommy's soliloquy about Connor, given while sitting on the edge of a tall building, is excellent; and there are still interesting stories and subplots--enough of them to make it worth watching the show.May I just add that the cover art of Leary on the DVD box set is freaky?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The very dated soundtrack hurts this otherwise OK 70s crime drama. All the suspense scenes are marred by the hokey Dave Grusin score, which sounds like a dippy 1960s TV show. Some of the dialogue is spoken so quickly and mumbled that I found it hard to make out. Some have made a bit much of the Boston accents here. I'm from Massachusetts. Mitchum's accent isn't bad, but it's not fully real. His performance as the small-time crook-turned-rat who fears going back to jail is fine, but it's no Oscar winner. I did like the depiction of early 70s Boston and its suburbs, replete with many of the horrible vintage 60s and 70s Detroit autos of the period. Seeing them again made me shudder. This was based on what was probably George Higgins' best crime novel. I've never read it. Don't expect today's production values with this film. Everything moves a lot more slowly, and many shots needed tighter editing."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "ABC should be shot over and over again for not keeping this show. I LOVED IT! I only watched it because of the Amazon ratings. Someone at NBC should try to get it back. This was a gem with great plots, great characters, genuine emotion, and lots of humor---- all so very rare on tv. They made only a couple of mistakes: they needed a little summary at the beginning of each episode so you could get caught up if it was your first episode...you have to do this with continuing story lines. And, sorry, but I thought the lead should have been a bigger, gorgeous guy, although the guy in it was a great actor.BRING IT BACK!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I'm not a huge John John Malkovich fan, but this seems like one of those rare occasions when actor and role seem perfectly matched to produce an entertaining movie. Malkovich plays Buck Howard, a failing magician loosely based on the Amazing Kreskin. Malkovich's character is both corny and charming. He undergoes a transformation from being frustrated with his fate of performing for small-town America, to finding the his big break didn't necessarily bring him what he most needed. Meanwhile, Colin Hanks (Tom Hank's son) plays a young man searching for himself after dropping out of law school. Ultimately, this movie isn't a slapstick comedy and you probably won't find yourself laughing out loud. Nonetheless, it has some funny moments and is a breath of fresh air compared to the stale comedies Hollywood has been producing (with their utterly predictable plots).I found myself unable to predict where exactly the story was going or what would happen next to Buck Howard - and I loved that. Hopefully you will too."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Though I have not really seen very many full episodes of this program before, the ones that I have seen have bored me out of my mind. The plots are awfully dull, even though I do enjoy the music a lot of times. The performers are fantastic at singing and I enjoy many of the songs that they have covered, but the plots of the episodes are awfully bland to me. Other people might think differently, but that is just my opinion. I like the singing; just not the series itself."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This was such a wonderful series. The acting was so superb. Why do series get cancelled and the trash stays on? I will never understand, but thanks to Amazon.com, I have streamed and watched every episode and will probably watch again. Yes, I know there will be a movie out next month, but that is just not the same is it? Better than nothing maybe, but this series was cancelled with so many open questions. Like ending in the middle of a sentence. It neve should have been cancelled. Such a waste."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This review is for the Mythbusters \"Curving Bullets\" episode. I was disapointed when I missed this episode on cable, so was happy to find it on-demand.The myths covered here are the Curving Bullets as found hereWanted (Single-Disc Widescreen Edition)(with Kari *very pregnant*, Grant, and Tory) and Sonic Boom Braking Glass (with Jamie and Adam).As usual, there is a good amount of humor in each of the segments and you can tell that they enjoyed shooting (pun intended) this firearm heavy episode. It was also great seeing the Blue Angel jets in the Sonic Boom episode.I will not say what the results were for these two, but it was a very enjoyable episode.Highly Recommended!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season 3 continues the story so masterfully told in the first two seasons of this superb series, as Don Draper and the rest of the crew at the ad agency tackle new challenges, both professionally and personally.  A brilliant, well-crafted series, this latest season sees new character development, compelling story arcs and wonderfully well-written and acted episodes that are engaging, humorous, believable and witty.I'm a big fan of 60's tv shows (Wild Wild West, IDOJ, ST:TOS, The Saint, Avengers), and movies (Sinatra/Helm/007), and this brings back that golden era in a contemporary, well-designed series that's believable and engaging.  I like the story arc w/Hilton, and Don's response to increasing pressure as his success at work builds.Great job, to all involved - thanks for another winning season!  Looking forward to many more.-Ken Calhoun"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "How depressing. I'm tired of all these unsolved missing person cases with no resolution. I've seen too many of these sorts of mysteries and want a show about all the people that are found and how the detectives or whoever was involved went about it. The police should bring in a good psychic in some of these seemingly hopeless cases. They might be able to help. I feel terrible for the families and friends who suffer this terrible unsolved loss and it's just too upsetting to watch anymore. My heart goes out to them."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "One of the funniest shows I've ever seen but, while it's proven it can go the distance, the profanity seems to have been unnecessarily amped up this season and, in my opinion, is detrimental to the show.  The \"mystery poop\" episode takes the show's crudeness to new heights (or lows, rather), but I still found myself laughing.  The absence of the McPoyle family this season was regrettable, but a colonial-era episode where the \"gang\" cracks the Liberty Bell sort of made up for it.  Funny stuff."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While season 2 turned out to be the weak point of the series it was far from being terrible.  The first season gave us the introduction of the hero characters and their individual stories and plots for why they did what they did,  the second and the rest of the season gave us more on the superhero plotline stories rather then the secret identity story plot it felt like.  While there are a few characters who felt they weren't needed it didn't detract from the enjoyment I got from watching the show, and for the price the set is going for right now I feel it's forgivable especially since this is the shortest season of the four seasons the show as on the air.  The video and audio are great with nice clarity and sound especially as you hear the background sound.  So again while this wasn't the greatest season it's still and enjoyable enough season to add to your dvd library anyway considering what the price for the set is going for it's a pretty reasonable bargain...."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a terrific series.  I would have loved to see more shows that took place during the war years with the same actors and actresses.  I am sure there were a lot of incredible things that occurred during the war that could have made a longer series.  I was captivated by each story and I have just about wore out the DVDs watching them over and over.  I was born in December, 1942 so I was alive during that time even though I didn't know what was going on in the world.  These stories have shown to me what war time was like and has made me a part of that history.  Thanks."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was looking forward to this show... I've always enjoyed the shows about time travel.  But I still don't understand what causes him to go back in time.... if it was explained I missed it.There were some clues that I guess were too subtle for me to catch as they happened, and I only 'got it' at the end of the show... Is that what they were going for?  Anyway.. I will probably watch one more episode, and then if it isn't any better I'll pass...."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I thought this movie was pretty good.  You really cant go wrong with inbreed cannibal zombies.  It is hard to wreck the story if you are using them.  That being said, there are things in this movie that are more disgusting then the zombies being shot and people being eaten.  I am talking about people making lemonade and stirring the stuff with their hands.  I mean seriously, when you watch it and you will you will wonder the same thing.  It was actually more disturbing then the zombies eating people and zombies being shot.  It actually made me a little sick!  Regardless, good movie, decent acting, decent camera shots.  All in all a pretty solid 3.  Lots of cgi but it wasnt horrible."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am reviewing the 2-D version.  This may be the one that takes best advantage of high definition equipment.  The colors are naturally rich and varied, the textures detailed, and the patterns of light and shadow constantly changing.  Genuine IMAX 70mm celluloid film is a format everyone should be sad to see being phased out.  It's expensive but the results are breathtaking.  I'm not sure if any digital camera will EVER match this level of detail and graduations of variation.  Minus one star for the heavy handed global warming propaganda in the last few minutes.  Coral reefs have likely always been in a state of expanding and contracting."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Example: scientist walks into the bar where there is only 1 patron & the bartender.  That patron, the pilot who shot down the UFO asks the scientist to his table & in his second sentence, he's hitting on her.  Unexplainable given he had just been on the phone with his girl friend begging her not to break up with him.Example: scientist shows credential at the gate to a secure military base holding the UFO.  Guard doesn't have it verified. Really?  Then, scientist doesn't or can't go into the hanger & examine the UFO with the other scientists.  Why doesn't she verify what's she's seeing?Then when she & the pilot go to the hospital, they are admitted without it being verified they can have access.  Hunh?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The group in question is the Travelers--a band of con artists who have apparently been in the U.S. since the 19th century.  This show offers a glimpse into their world, and how odd and sometimes difficult it is for them to try to live among the rest of us.  Eddie Izzard and Minnie Driver do some pretty decent American accents as the husband and wife posing as the Riches.Complications ensue as they attempt to fill the deceased Riches' shoes, working, living, and going to school among the so-called Buffers (non Travelers).  Never a dull moment, as they say."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was late to start watching the Closer on tv and no sooner did I find that it is a great show than it was in it's last season.  So I am so glad to be able to buy the season's I missed.  I go through Amazon on my Roku and the whole thing is just great.  It's a good show to watch and Amazon and Roku make it easy to obtain and watch.  Before then I was buying dvd's and they were over running my house."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My wife and I had never heard of this series, but found it on Amazon Prime.  The male lead is recognizable from the hit cable series &#34;Homeland.&#34;  Yes, it's another cop detective drama and there's always a murder to solve.  But there are enough other quirky plot twists and the murders also have twists.  You find out right away that the male lead detective was himself framed and spent 12 years in prison for a murder he did not commit.  So these various parallel plots and plot twists keep it very interesting. The acting is good and there is also an element of humor.  So all in all, it is a very entertaining series that makes you want to keep watching it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "the entire series from the first season through the final fifth season is a marvelous creation of imagination. I love the characters and a course the city with all it's amazing technology listening leo's be under comprehension in some cases shouldn't even be in a position. The monsters better created each week or dangers of the universe springs both in outer space in technology lovers races that they came in contact with. The rating the central 1. I enjoyed the up organic feel the race very similar to the movie series alien having that to organic look to the interiors of the ship and there insect always of preserving food and consuming the life force of human being"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am 50 and not in the majority demographic, but I have a teenager and I love watching Veronica mars. I envy her and her fathers relationship. I envy her father for having a teenager that is so together.Anyway, I loved the show, did not watch it while it was on. Binge watched on amazon, then watched this movie on amazon too. Great concept for delivering the film to fans.I think any casual or serious fan of the show would get their money's worth with this. It gave me a warm fuzzy feeling. It was very loyal to the series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "In ZOMBIE FARM,  FBI scientists have developed a chemical agent that helps in their interrogations of suspected terrorists. Unfortunately, the drug has a wicked side effect. It turns people into -all together now- flesh-eating zombies! Not surprisingly, zombies are created, go on a rampage, and eat the living. Then, the water supply is contaminated w/ the stuff, causing further murderous mayhem! There's even a zombie mailman on the loose! Luckily, the local muscle-bound, psycho has lots and lots of guns! Oh yeah, there's a group of cannibal hillbillies running around as well. They eat rats. If only they had eaten the sole existing print of this &#34;film&#34;..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "First of all, I gotta admit: I AM A FOODIE. Give me the appropriate tools and I can follow any recipe and go anywhere.I so admire the &#34;Masters'&#34; and their abilities to be put to the ultimate test against others of their level of excellence. And they pull it off time after time.I SO enjoy watching the professionals going toe-to-toe and feeling what they feel as human beings, each with his/her own foibles and insecurities at the top level of their crafts."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love this show. It's raw and it's real. The acting is pure artistry. The show reminds me of how my family use to be when our matriarch was alive and we were a close nit group. The love and loyalty these characters have for one another is incomparable. Refreshing is the season ended beautifully and I am left wanting more of The Braverman clan. Anyone looking for a show that is intelligent, classy , and ripe with adult situation while still being something you can watch while the kids are awake then this is it. And if you come from a big family your going to relate no matter what walk of life you come from. They don't get much better than this."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The older Dr. Who series always has a theatre quality to it. Tom Baker is the Doctor I grew up with, so it feels good to stop by and see these episodes again. This one features Romana, one of the better companions I feel (though she was kind of forced on the Doctor).Generations today always want a female Time Lord (ok by me), and well, there you go. Romana is a Time &#34;Lady&#34;. She's as smart as the Doctor, but lacks the experience he has traveling the universe.  She also seems to usually be very calm in a tight situation against his silly antics some times. They make a good pair.So if you ever wanted to see what a female Time Lord (excuse me, Lady) might be like, check out these episodes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "We love this show!  The acting is incredible and the storyline is very believable.  There are characters you love to hate (like Tiffy) and then there are characters you adore, and others who surprise you in varying episodes.  Scott Foley is so good - you never know what to think about him - whether he's sometimes careless or otherwise brilliant and shows his &#34;human&#34; side.  He is also very good at dropping in bouts of humor when they are very much needed.  I highly recommend this show!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Firstly, I have never seen the show.  I love science fiction but usually only in the movies because I find a lot of the sci-fi shows on tv to be low budget with poor scripting and acting.This show however looks fantastic, if you didn't tell me it was a tv series I'd think it was a movie.  Aside from looking great the story looks to be engaging, exciting and just plain entertaining.  The whole point of this download is to get you into the show and to get you updated on what has happened so far, it does that well, I feel like I could just jump in and start watching the show.**A warning though, if you plan on buying/watching all of the old Battlestar Galactica episodes in the prior seasons I'd hold of on watching this as it will spoil it for you.**I recommend taking a look.  And while your at it take a look at the other free download, it's good too.  Here:SCI FI: Inside Battlestar Galactica"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a wild ride, on the one hand we've got this incredibly hyper violent bike gang made up of some really good guys. Seriously who would NOT want to go out for a beer with jackson, Opie, Chips, Scotty, Juice or Bobby Elvis?? Clay is another matter. Then there is the comparative morality of corrupt politicians, cynical, venal government agencies and morally compromised businessmen. So they get into all of these wild escapades, nothing is ever what it seems and the SOA is always about 15 minutes from death, destruction and prison as one scheme after another backfires. Someone should make a reel of the many \"oh s***\" moments in the series, whenever someone says it, it has already hit the fan. But it is never boring. I guarantee that if you buy the series you will be up all night watching it, simply to see what happens next. Highest possible rating."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season 4 is one of the best from start to finish. David Suchet's portrayal brings to life Agatha Christie's Belgian detective; unlike any actor before him. He is to Poirot, what Jeremy Brett was to Sherlock Holmes. These are three of the longer; not to mention some of the best episodes; with \"Death in the Clouds\" and \"One, Two, Buckle My Shoe\" taking top honors. I highly recommend this season to anyone needing a bit intellectual entertainment, you won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show was just a little too early to ride the vampire wave. It came out right before vampires became &#34;cool&#34;Ok there was some cheesy moments at times, it was a low budget TV show. But look at Buffy! How did Buffy make it and not this show? I can't stand watching Buffy.But it was a really sweet premise. I loved the relationship between the 2 main characters. I loved the storylines. This was a really well done show. As I said it had its cheesy moments, but it was only the first year. It didn't really get into its groove yet. The way the last episode ends is so sweet! I want to see more.I bought this and I revisit it every so often and mourn its passing. Great potential for an excellent series, but cut short."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's finally here. The collection that we have been waiting on for nearly four years has finally arrived, and its almost everything that I could have asked for. To be perfectly honest, I didn't think we would ever see Batman: The Brave and the Bold in the glorious hi-def picture that we so richly deserved. The only downside is that, again, this set sadly lacks the special features that were absent on the dvd collections as well.The picture and sound quality are wonderful, seeing as this show was gorgeous in the first place. This set is the COMPLETE first season, not the half season releases we saw with the DVD collections. There really isn't much to say beyond this. Batman the brave and the bold is a fun, bright, imaginative, absolute blast of a TV show, and now its finally on Blu-ray. It is a great show, and deserves to be in your collection. A treasure and an absolute must buy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "After two years in a Chinese prison, Jack Bauer is returned to America in order for C.T.U. to get the location of the man putting off bombs. Jack finds out it's all for nothing and escapes to help save the day. Throughout this day, Jack teams up with terrorist who wants peace, there is an attack on President Wayne Palmer, the Vice President wants to bomb another country, Jack must find 5 suitcase nukes, stop his dad and brother, help his nephew, and a whole lot more! This is one of the better seasons. One of the characters I don't really like at first is Tom Lennox, then later in the day, I start to like him. Then, I don't really like Vice President Noah Daniels, but toward the end of the day, I kinda like him. If you love 24, and Jack Bauer, you'll love 24: DAY SIX!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is not for everyone. If you don't want to see moms going over the top and children acting like brats then don't watch it.But it's not all like that. In most episodes, the parents are kind and teach the kids sportsmanship. Just like with everything else, there's a good and bad side. And there's some things that might shock as well anger some. But this is a show, like any other.What saddens me, are the reviews that the comments that are so catty and mean. It's a show. Treat it as such. If you don't like it, don't watch it, simple as that."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "24 is the most  fun series I have ever seen on tv.  I love keifer Sutherland and it appears to me that a lot of actors get good parts and get in a lot of acting.  Also this series has people, even the bad guys speaking articulately and very rationally.  We are seeing a show full of admirable people not a bunch of losers.  That must be a part of the popularity of the series.Note something else, these people comply with the human requirement  of pronouncing judgement."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Movie, actors, scenery, sequences were excellent.While acknowledging it wasn't designed as a &#34;Prime Time&#34; series (sorry for the pun),  I grew very tired of the constant use of that ubiquitous &#34;F&#34; word.  History has recorded the crudeness of their vernacular, so the screaming reminders, tailored no doubt in reference to our own evolving society,  added little historical authentication or credibility.  In fact, I found it quite contradictory as most conversations were so grammatically proper."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The best complient an actor can get is that his or her character is memorable, and you care about them. The best compliment a writer can get is that the stories are beleivable and unpredictable. This show is compliment rich. I'm not a fan of the big hair, y'all crowd but these are real people in real situations that are not overly dramatized. Each season does get better and as you know some characters are leaving the show, their exits are done realistically and without detachment. We started watching out of boredom and are now hooked. A great series!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The third season of Californication continues along the same Holden Caufiled-esque journey of Hank Moody, he is still drifting, perpetually drunk and rudderless through one insane situation into the next... This season he falls backward into a job as a college professor after accidentally destroying the hard won sobriety of his predecessor, a far more successful and famous author. His casual attitudes about sex, drugs and relationships are starkly illuminated by disapproving stares of his teenage daughter.  This season features Hank in a romantic triangle with an older woman, a much younger woman and his T.A., all while he continues to try to finally win the heart and mind of his true love Karen. His sad-clown sidekick Charlie Runkle is back and as hilarious as ever, he provides great comic relief for Hanks depravity. Binge watch this!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My husband and I love off-beat shows like &#34;Life&#34;, &#34;The Finder&#34; and others of that ilk. But I have said for a long time that I miss &#34;Hill Streets Blues&#34;. This is HSB up-dated and in HD. I think there should be a law that every police person in the entire world be as kind, patient, understanding and willing to give folks the benefit of the doubt as the character Greg Parker does. He also orders bad guys deaths but only as a last resort. My father was a highway patrolman and a sheriff so I know that good law-enforcement is possible. This show has a huge heart and lots of grit."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is the introduction season.  They want us to learn about the characters and take an interest in them.Dexter is a sociopath serial killer.  Adopted and raised by a police officer, Dexter learned to appear \"normal\".Training as a forensic specialist, coupled with his Father's training keeps his killings from official notice.Set in Miami, Dexter works for the police helping them solve cases.  Along the way, Dexter kills the bad people that have beaten the system.This season revolves around \"The Ice Truck Killer\" and how this affects Dexter.The humor is dark.  The dialog is witty and cutting.  The acting is above average, no one is miscast and all work well together.The story line is not overly complex.  If you think about it, you will see where the story is going.  Even with that, it is fun.If you find the idea of a serial killer working for the cops funny, you should enjoy this."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I watched this because the Brits usually do a good job with good production values, casting and story lines.  However, in this case it proved a waste of 5 hours. The writers, directors and editors should be ashamed to put their names in the credits.  Important things happen with no apparent reason and the watcher is left scratching his/her head wondering what was the point.  The American general is miscast and not believable.  Lots of clicking of computer keyboards for solutions that never seem to work out. The ending stinks!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a great show with a great cast, and it immediately can count itself amongst USA network classics like Monk and MacGyver.  A funny, down to earth intelligence officer/agent has been \"burned\"  by his handlers (declared unreliable) and is confined to Miami where he must work under the table as an \"investigator\" while he figures out his situation.  Its not really that deep or ground breaking, but it works as an original series.Caveat, I saw this at the store for 39.99, regular price.  That is too high, don't pay more than what is advertised here.  Show is great, but you only get 11  42 minute episodes and the video quality is mediocre at best.  25.99 is a fair price."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Love the Stargate series!  Started out watching SG-1 then onto Atlantis.  The acting is great and the visual effects are spectacular.  I bought this for my husband as a Christmas gift because I got him hooked on the franchise.Can't wait to see Amanda Tapping join the cast and see how the chemistry is between them.  The special features are mostly non-exsistent in the first 3 so I'm wondering if it's better in the last two.  I really like special features and get into seeing the behind the scenes, deleted scenes, outtakes and the cast talking about themselves and the show.  Watching season 3 now!  Can't wait for Christmas to watch the others.  The packaging is very nice with a picture of the entire cast."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Yep.  I thought that House M.D. Season 4 was absolute dreck.  Just hated it.  But, I'm an avid fan of Hugh Laurie and medical dramas so I couldn't resist checking out Season 5.I can't say I'm loving the personal storylines--House/Cuddy romance, Cuddy/Baby Mama--but I'm still totally diggin' on the medical mysteries!  Even more, I enjoy that the original characters that drew me in--Foreman, Chase, and Cameron--play a more significant role than they did in Season 4.If you didn't enjoy the \"Survivor\" gimmick of Season 4, give Season 5 a chance.  You'll remember why you loved to hate House."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series was a great show/series!  I find it hard to believe it got cancelled after only 1 season.  It was not shown or promoted because it is much better than shows that have made it for years.  The humor is fabulous...very similar to the M.A.S. H. television series.  The major networks all want criminal minds and csi type shows...we loose  with this all the same philosophy.  I wish they would make more seasons to THE UNUSUALS!  Maybe Netflix or Amazon will make their own series of this show!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Another great season but a bit choppy. For some reason there were a couple of episodes mixed up or somthing. At the beginning Angela and Hodges were engaged but then in the middle of the season there is a couple of episodes where Hodges is trying to ask her to marry him.It was a bit confusing. THere is a episode about horses and humans running around pretending to be horses.It was rather disgusting. The best part about that episode is the last five minutes when the two main characters are discussing the days work."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "So Benedict Cumberbatch plays this socially awkward genius with a family connection in the government to help figure out the death of his brother.  Add some government conspiracies and Afghanistan spy intrigue and there we go for nice dramatic miniseries.What makes it especially relevant today is the government Total Information Access (TIA) where they use big data to spy on citizens.  It probably was more sci-fi when this was filmed but now we know the NSA is already doing this to us.  For each episode a narrator came on to explain the TIA to us if the exposition in the show wasn't enough.In general I liked the series.  Good production values and some dramatic scenes but I often lost the plot details if I wasn't paying close attention."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is one of my favorite comfort series and is great for a good cheer up.  Hyacinth's life revolves around appearing &#34;better&#34; than her station would really allow and is hilarious.  Having someone of high quality nod at her in her mind makes her best friends that she can brag about.  Patricia Routledge is excellent in her role as are the actors her play her husband, friends and family.  If you haven't seen this show, you need to.  You won't be disappointed!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "We purchased this season for our daughter who loves Dora using the Amazon Instant Video app for Wii. We have no issues with play or image etc.Unfortunately, my husband and I cannot stand Dora. She sets our teeth on edge. But our daughter loves Dora so we put up with the show. I don't feel that my daughter has gotten much educational value from Dora, to be perfectly honest. She's learned more from Ni Hao Kai-lan, Yo Gabba Gabba, Little Einsteins, and Team Umizoomi. I only took off one star for this since Dora is entertaining for toddlers (admittedly the target audience, not parents) and for some reason kids love her."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Hounddog starring Dakota Fanning was the film that was panned by critics but I found this coming-of-age drama very poigant. Fanning is the best child actor since Jodie Foster. Robin Wright Penn also stars and she is an amazing actress as well. The much talked about rape scene is not graphic, no nudity is shown especially since Dakota was only 12 at the time. Fanning's character is obsessed with Elvis Presley, through his music - she finds solace and then loses her fragile grip on reality. Slowly but surely she is healed and learns to find her voice again. Heartbreaking story but one worth telling."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I really looked forward to seeing some of what looked like an epic historical series based on the Roman empire, but what I ended seeing was a lot of violence and sex, and that seems to be the major draw of the series.  Of course, a genuine Roman history buff might appreciate it more, and this series does have a certain epic quality about it.I could even cope with Romans speaking with British accents (what are British actors supposed to speak with?) if I had actually found a character or two to care about.  It seemed like everyone was callous and brutal, and maybe that's the way Rome was, but after sitting through the first episode of this first season, I found myself not wanting to watch any more.I'm sure Rome will go on without me, and my best advice is to find a way to \"try before you buy\" and plunk down a lot of money to find it's not what you expected."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Colin Hanks play Troy Gable, a law school drop out. He becomes the road manager for The Great Buck Howard (John Malkovich) a flamboyant washed up mentalist. Buck plays the small towns as Colin hides from Buck his unpopularity. Buck Howard is a caricature of The Amazing Kreskin. Emily Blunt plays a publicist and love interest for Troy.  Tom Hanks has a minor role as Troy's father.The film is rather shallow and predictable. John Malkovich provides us with a quirky character who is questionably gay. Sadly, Colin Hanks lacks charisma and is unable to pull off a great performance. In spite of the short comings Malkovich gives a performance that carries the film.No f-bombs, sex, nudity. Just good PG fun."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is my second time watching season II of BSG...I cried. After Sharon was saved by Tyrol and Aggethon and she pulled the blanket over her head and cried, I cried also. This show is unbelievable and sooooooooo good. When was Cdr Adama made an Admiral! This show made me change my mind on interrogating prisoners, especially women. I know I will get slammed for this, but I don't care. I'm a woman first and foremost, and above all is. This show speaks to so much."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "At first, the dialogue was a bit jarring for me -- but I quickly adjusted and grew to appreciate its merits.This is a show with fantastic characters, and three-dimensional antagonists.  Jack is my favorite character, despite being an antagonist, and he goes through some very real and identifiable struggles.  This is incredible fiction.The series ends on an ambiguous note -- it doesn't really work as a series finale -- but this 13-hour journey is something I've watched three times from start to finish because it is such a delight."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Parks and recreation season 1  while this is a very short season it does introduce the characters nicely. I do like Amy Poehler and that made me watch the whole season. This 'go-do-it' anyway character portrayed by Amy Poehler is likable. Also, somewhere in the end of Season 1 you start to love the other characters as well if you are into light comedy 'no nonsense' easy to watch show. I have since finished watching Season 2 as well which by far has been very good also."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a very graphic story line that viewers should watch but be aware that there is lots of sexual and violence related graphics. It is however, very well done relating the story line without taking too much time in unnecessary (but there is some) sex scenes. Otherwise the graphic nature of the violence is the only other aspect to be aware of as it is not a normal t.v. show that holds back at some level. This show shows it all.... almost.That said, it is well done and worthy of watching all the same -- just go into it knowing that it will not hold anything back"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Mitchum is always spell binding & he is again.  As a kid \"Thunder Road\" became part of my psyche (saw at a drive-in).  The song - I will remember to my grave.  Keely Smith as his girl friend couldn't have been more seductive or more in love w/her moonshine runner.  Mitchum always managed to be in trouble no matter which side of the law he was on.  His classic detective films are hard to find - \"The Big Sleep\" & \"Farewell My Lovely\".  AGAIN why do most reviewers blab it all?  Paragraphs & paragraphs & paragraphs telling one about a film...ever so boring.  Me thinks these folks have too much time on their hands.  I digress...this film is certainly worth watching.  Impossible to notice other actors - Mitchum w/his sleepy eyes & conspicuous laid back attitude could charm the fur off a pussy cat..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "First, decide which media device you want to watch these episodes on.  If you want to watch them on your computer, you get the view-on-demand option that lets you watch on your computer -- but not your TV of course (unless you can run a cable from your computer to your TV) -- or you can get the \"burn on demand\" option here that lets you watch on your consumer electronic DVD player but NOT on your computer.  Seems like a scheme the gophers would come up with.My kids love this show, and do their \"screen time\" on the computer, so there's really no need for this.  If you are a dedicated consumer electronic DVD player person, then these work, but it looks like there are no special features.  Just be sure of what you're buying before you click \"buy\"."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "First off, what happened to Barek & Carver? I know the actors left the show, but there was no explanation given at any time as to why their characters vanished from the series. Barek & Carver were the perfect foils to Logan and Goren/Eames. That is partly why I'm giving this season III stars instead o the usual V. The other part stems from my disgust at the fourth episode. Seeing the particular class type of people in that episode portrayed sympathetically just nauseated me. aside from that episode and the unexplained departure of Barek & Carver, it was overall a good season. And having seen Bogosian before as a villain in Under Siege 2, I really hated his character in the first few episodes, but eventually, I sort of began to even lioke the moron, even though my dislike of him resurfaced in one or two of the final episodes. and why wasn't there a second episode to the one with whoopi cushion?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I would give Californication another star but Amazon for some reason took it off of Prime while I was in the middle of season 1!  Why did you do that, Amazon??  I thought the series was smart, sexy and fun and you obviously did that so consumers would buy the rest of the season.  Maybe it was because it was streaming for free but Californication wasn't great enough for me to justify paying $2 per episode when it was once free.  Sorry to go on so long about this but it really bugs me.  Shame on you, Amazon!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Defying Gravity is an awesome show that mixes the foreseeable future with an alien sci-fi twist.  It's all about mystery with flashbacks to see where the characters have come from and how far they have gone.  The whole show left me on the edge of my seat and I have since re-watched the show many times over.  Its great to watch at the end of a day.  Anyway, if you're a space fan and love mystery, this is the show for you.  This show was sadly cancelled before its time.  Have no fear in buying this gem."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Probably the best children's show since Mr. Rogers Neighborhood. I wish they'd kept it going. This show has not one moment of anything I ever worry about my children watching. It's wholesome, educational, and actually interesting (lots of kids shows fail hard on that last one). My favorite thing is that unlike Dora the Explorer or Diego, no one *ever* encourages the audience to be loud. Also, while they do &#34;play Blue's Clues&#34; in every episode, the shows are not all the same. The structure changes slightly each time, which is fantastic. To get what I mean by that, try watching an episode of the exceedingly vapid Animal Mechanicals for a comparison...it's painful."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love this series. This is the third or fourth time through for me. The characters of John Shepherd, Tayla, Dr Weir, Ronan and Dr. Becket and Dr McKay are unforgettable. It is a wonderful space fantasy. Whenever I want to escape into another world I go to Stargate Atlantis. I imagine how cool it would be to travel to other worlds through a stargate/wormhole and meet other people who of course speak my language, English. The SG-1 series is good too and was the beginning of the Stargate series. In the beginning of Stargate Atlantis Jack O'Neil passes the torch to John Shepherd. Very cool indeed."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The actors are sublime; the characters extremely diverse and interesting in this series. Season Two moved all characters forward in their personal growth and development, although I would have liked to seen more detail about the Bailey Chase character.The plot effectively weaves a vivid web of real life events into profound change for Grace. The final scene between two tortured souls; one straining against unfathomable psychological and physical pain and leather execution bonds in full-fledged  terror, the other, paralyzed into submission by the greatest love and the fear of something soft and all accepting.The eyes of Grace embrace and beckon Leon, soul to soul into the last seconds of his life. Quietly, with large Angelic eyes and a yielding voice,  and the infinite truth she beckons &#34;Look at me.&#34;  She repeats. &#34;Look at me&#34;.Grace is saved when the choice is made to comfort Leon as he passes before her eyes. His passing reveals her deepest self."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This quirky little show is a little to close to reality for me to appreciate the humor.  While everyone else in the room is roaring - I'm twitching with unease because I think I dated Sheldon.  Not the star but a real character who, in my reality, was actually named \"Sheldon\"!  I thought brainiacs were sexy - NO -  they are just guys who's brains have outgrown their heads.  The funniest part in this show is the overt discomfort that is evident in these guys when they find themselves in everyday situations surrounded by dumb folk like you and me.  My favorite episode was when Sheldon got the flu and became the center of the universe (unto himself) and the great effort his friends went to in order to avoid him during his illness.  I think this was the show when I mixed up the TV Sheldon with my Sheldon, another whiney hypocondriac. Oh lord - I'm so confused.Bottom line - this is a funny funny show and well worth the price...bg"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season introduces one of the best characters NCIS Director Vance.The director is now a political operative with real field experience attuned to the realities of Washington.Gibbs begins the season with a new team.  Vance disbanded the team we know and love as punishment for Jenny Shepard's death.Pulling the old team back together and the real reason they were disbanded is the crux of the first few episodes.An on-going storyline is the conflict between Gibbs and Vance as they learn to live and work together.Many of the stories are intensely personal.We meet Gibb's father, Ziva's lover and see McGee work under extreme pressure in a woman's prison.We are back to 24 episodes in one of the best seasons of a top-notch show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've seen this show from 'end to end' several times over.  While it is a very good Sci-Fi show, I thought it a shame that the two best shows of the entire series were the final two shows.  That being said, however, I would recommend it if you've never seen it.  The on screen chemistry between Colonel Shepard, Rodney McKay, Carson Beckett & later Ronan Dex were what (in my opinion) made it the better of the two &#34;Stargate&#34; series.While it will never measure up to &#34;Battlestar Galactica,&#34; (the best sci-fi show, ever) the two of them were a great mix as they both started and ended at the same time.  SGA had roughly 25 more shows than BSG (which had a propensity for agonizingly long hiatuses between seasons), I recommend it for any Sci-Fi (I refuse to say 'Sy Fy') fan."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I had a lot of questions, but I still watched this series all the way through. Where do the cameraman and sound man sleep? Are they subjected to the same deprivations, because somebody had to film all this? The cast spends more time in sit downs talking to the camera about what they just did than actually doing it, it seems, at times. Why didn't they try fishing a little more often? In the time they were there, they only caught one fish, yet they are near water almost all the time. I did develop an interest in how this would turn out, and you will, too. The ending is a little contrived. They manage to catch a train out of the wilderness, and somehow it pulls into a station where all their families are waiting to greet them! How did that happen? If you can overlook these gaps in credibility, you'll enjoy this little series. I'm now watching the sequel, set in the Venezuela jungle. Same thing."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Boy, Did I Get a Wrong Number\" is my favorite Bob Hope film. I have loved this movie since I was a child, and now MY kids watch it over and over. Phyllis Diller on a motorcycle is a sight to see! Just give it a chance....it's a great lighthearted, fun movie that isn't the usual Hollywood \"dirty word and perversion\" fest. There is some mild innuendo going on, but it's tame compared to what is on modern \"family\" shows these days."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am new to The Office and have been watching seasons 1-5 in succession.  It has been fun to watch the development of the program and the characters.  If you have worked in a corporate environment, you will especially empathize with this show.  My friend who works in government finds more synergy withParks & Recreation: Season One-- I love this show too!The Office is extremely politically incorrect at times so you need to keep that in mind.  If you can laugh at that and yourself, you should enjoy the show.  Season 5 was no exception.  Very, very funny and a great job at developing the characters just a little more.5 Stars.  I love it!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Thought this would be a remake of to catch a thief, seems more like Leverage.  A lot of the plot ideas are basically the same.  Do love watching the FBI twist on it though.Ok I will skip the plot lines as usual.What you get is 4 disc's containing 14 episodes and Special Features.  The reason I gave this only 4 stars are the location of the Deleted scenes.  Rather than include them as a selection with each episode they stick them all on disc 4 in a special feature.  So you have to try and remember each episode and then try to figure out what's going on.  They could have done a much better job.Special Features include:Audio Commentary on a few episodes.Pro And Con;A Cool Cat in the Hat;Nothing But the TruthGag Reel;Deleted Scenes;"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "There were several places that couldn't have possibly been true to what would really happen after a nuclear strike; however, it did represent a small portion of what humanity would turn into in this country. I personally would have liked to have seen the storyline go a little more toward reality, but, I understand that our six-pack society, those who care more about the unreality of hollywood than current affairs, could not handle it. I really liked this show in spite and watched it on a marathon status."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Jaaman returns in what I consider to be his best yet.  I actually like the story and I thought it was well acted and directed.  This is one beautiful looking film and just as brutal.  Jaa is in top form here as he goes through numerous fighting styles including the use of weapons.  The fight that ends the film is incredible and clocks in at almost ten minutes.  Yes, the ending left you hanging but this is part of a trilogy.  Think of it like the ending to Kill Bill 1 and you'll know what I mean.  It's so good they can call it whatever they want, this is now my favorite Jaa film."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Life is a really good show that got caught up in the the writers strike of 2008 which would have been its third season. By the time the strike was over, the principle players had moved on to other things -- which is too bad because it was a better than average tv show.However, strangely, while the season 1 format is in a normal full screen, season two for some weird reason is formatted into this tiny square box that sits in the middle of your screen surrounded by six inch deep black borders -- very unpleasant to watch like that. If anyone knows why they do things like this, please comment."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was pleasantly surprised with this \"out of the box\" series.  Good writing, good acting, laugh out loud situations.  Devito showing up in the second season gave it a little boost as he's always dependable for turning the mundane into the hilarious.It's basically about 3 jackass friends in Philly who own a bar and get themselves into offbeat situations.  What I liked best is that it is not the clice venue for the young and the beautiful.  It often hi-lightes the old and the ugly and in doing so cultivates a good portion of the laughs.Worth you time and money....bg"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's really sad that this is Atlantis' final season, as their stories are only getting better -- the writing is tighter, the characters developed and emotional.  Such drama was only bested by Galactica and Stargate SG1.Jennifer is taken over by a thief who was messing around with the same Ancient communication device that Daniel messed with when he discovered the Ori.  That lead to a huge story arc.  On Atlantis, it leads to attempted murder and possible loss of a loved one.Can't wait for future episodes.  I here there's a DVD movie coming.Stargate Atlantis - The Complete Seasons 1 and 2Stargate SG-1 - The Complete Series Collection"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Ok, here's the thing with this show..everyone in it is excellent..I meaneveryone..the story line is fine and the writing good for the set up.I love the parents and always have but the show falls short of evergetting in the least little bit close to what it could be..I don't know whyit's a disappointment but it is..it's got all this gold and for some reasonit's been cast in lead.  Bummer man, because I would really like to watchthese people..and believe me I have tried more than once."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The Poirot adventures with David Suchet--which began nearly a quarter century ago and just recently concluded--are some of the best classic British mysteries on television. That they were saddled for years with crappy DVD transfers was a shame. But now you can enjoy pristine Blu Rays of the original Super 16 footage; they look fantastic. If you watch your Poirots as much as my wife and I do, you owe it to yourself to pick up the Blu Rays. It's well worth buying the shows a second time."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I pretty much knew what I was getting myself into when I rented this. I knew about the controversial rape scene, and that was my favorite part. Dakota Fanning plays Lewellen, who loves Elvis Presley music and lives with her strict dad and God-obsessed grandmother, who ironically plays Carrie White's mom in the Stephen King classic. This movie makes you feel really uncomfortable regarding her dad getting struck by lightning and becoming dumb, and when she hears that someone has a ticket to see Elvis, she is forced to stip nude for him and dance and sing 'Hounddog' If you wanna see Dakota Fanning get raped, you'll love HOUNDDOG!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Don't get me wrong, its an entertaining show, and at 20 bucks, you should definitely grab it.  To compare it to shows like Six Feet Under is absolutely ridiculous though.  The idea of Dexter being a sociopath is not exploited to its full potential, IMO.  Too much of the time he blends in so much you forget all about it, then you have to be reminded by forced voice overs and flashbacks.  This is a good DVD set though, I see lots of folks complaining about the transfer.  What can I say, don't spend 50 zillion bucks on your TV/Home theatre and you won't be so disappointed.  For 20 bones you get 12 doses of Dexter, AND two episodes of Brotherhood, and one of The Tudors if you have the time to screw around with the PC feature.  Not bad considering that people were lining up out the door to fork over 100 bucks for The Sopranos not too long ago."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "NCIS changed in third season..and gotten strongerAt the end of season two, Kate was shot and died. Season three handles her death in the openning two parter \"Kill Ari\" which also introduces the audience to Ziva David (Cote de Pablo) and the new NCIS director (Lauren Holly).The change comes in many ways, Gibbs seems harder after Kate's death and it shows during the season, which builds to the two part season finale \"Hiatus\"...a cliffehanger to open season four. all the character grew from Abby, Ducky, Mcgee and especially Tony.Most say change is bad, for this show is GOOD and we the audience reap the benifitsBennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORLD"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season 6 is OK but the novelty is wearing off.  Jack is superhuman, of course.  Supporting characters Morris & Cloe are interesting. The rest are basic carryovers.  We will see if the new (12 hour) 'Live another day' comes up with something new.  I have been working my way through from season one over the last few months.  Could be better with long breaks between seasons so you get ready for a fresh Jack Attack fix?  That's how I see it.  Have fun watching!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "There's everything in the world to love about this series - great plotline, excellent character development, witty dialogue, great soundtrack, and incredibly inventive premise.  All of the actors from the primary players to the support cast does an excellent job.Chuck - the leader of the Nerd Herders at the Buy More gets an email from his former college roommate.  The email downloads a super computer into Chuck's brain.  Suddenly Chuck (a likable but aimless college dropout) becomes one of the CIA's most important assets.  To protect Chuck the CIA and NSA bring in two specialists - Sarah and John Casey.  The entire series becomes what happens to a normal old, every day guy when something really extraordinary drops into his life.  Throw in a little spy danger, some romance, and some crazy family and friends and you've got Chuck."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series is absolutely one of the best cop shows I have ever seen.  One reason is because Vick goes beyond what is dictated by the law and this is what a lot of citizens would do if they had the chance.  At first I couldn't decide if he was a good cop or a bad cop but by the end of the series I came to believe that he is just a mix of both.I can not really rate season 5 by it's self because I actually do not see any difference in any of the seasons.  They are every one a spell binding, can't wait till I see the next one kind of a series.  One of the things that make it outstanding is that they don't use an episode as a stand alone show.  There are plots that continue through many episodes and mini plots that get solved in one episode.My wife and I stayed up way past our normal bedtimes many nights because we kept saying... lets watch just one more!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Often you have to give new shows a while to warm up,  and episode 4 or 5 is much better than the pilot.  But Life really knocks it out of the park from the first episode and it doesn't go downhill at all.  I'm so sorry that this series didn't really make it,  because I loved it. Charlie Crews is a fascinating character, complex,  striving.  I loved the 'Zen' theme.  The series as a whole has 2 streams - the overarching who set up Charlie and killed his friends,  and the week to week cases and both are excellent.Watch it, you'll want to watch the rest."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I'm going to leave the original review as a reminder to me. Understand the purpose before judging. The intent of this series is to present a way to understand what it means to be in a combat zone. Most of the episodes are well done and include original footage as well as recreations. The information is as detailed as necessary and the narration and interviews offer an easily understandable overview. Recommended for those who want an interesting and informative glimpse into a 'Combat Zone.'[Combat Zone? Not a TV person, so I was not familiar with the series. OoPs!]Viewed this series by chronology instead of episode number. Interesting interviews and original footage. The recreations are well done and the narration is informative. Photographs add that personal dimension. For those who are well grounded in military history, this series may be disappointing. If you like a combat type  series instead of documentaries, this is a good one."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Series 4 was the first full season to switch from Agatha Christie's Poirot Short Stories to her Poirot Novels (two had already been produced in 1990), thus creating feature length TV episodes.These had been previously released in various \"Poirot Movie Collections\" using the old 1992 film to video transfers in standard definition. Now ITV, the owner of LWT programs, has gone back to the original camera films to do new Hi-Definition transfers, making the series look fresh and new.The three great two hour episodes here are:31  4-01  05/January/92  \"THE A.B.C. MURDERS\"32  4-02  12/January/92  \"DEATH IN THE CLOUDS\"33  4-03  19/January/92  \"ONE, TWO, BUCKLE MYSHOE\"While these may have been filmed in 16mm, going back to0 the original camera 16mm film elements to create this transfer will always look better than a 1992 standard definition transfer of a 16mm copy made from a 16mm dubbing negative."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season of five episodes starts off with a complex plot: a detective who is retired is writing a book about his old cases, all of them successfully resolved, but one.  He is killed, and the chapter goes missing.  As Morse and Lewis dig deeper and deeper, several possible suspects emerge as to who might like to keep the information quiet, and who has the most to lose if the secrets are uncovered regarding the circumstances surrounding the crime and why it was never resolved.These shows may seem slow-moving compared to current mysteries, but the magic is in the script and acting.  Morse always has wise observations and his face is a joy to watch as John Thaw underplays the subtle emotions."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's truely unfortunate how quickly this show took a nose-dive after such an excellent first season. This is easily the worst season of Heroes, but to fair this is due to the writer's strike and their best writer from the first season leaving; he returns for the forth season but it's too late to save the show. Having said all that there's still some great progression with the main characters and a fair amount of interesting new characters that works well within season 2. If you're only a casual fan of the show I'd recommend skipping this one, as it doesn't really tie much into the rest of the series aside from a few details, and only purchase the first season, but if you're a pretty big fan then get all of them since there's only four seasons."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "In the early 90's CBS tried this series out and it didn't work. The writing just wasn't there. The costume looked good and looks better than the &#34;new&#34; Flash's costume which isn't even red like the comics! Here on &#34;Amazon Instant&#34; you can buy individual episodes for your devices. I recommend the 2 with Mark Hammill of &#34;Star Wars&#34; as &#34;The Trickster.&#34; There's also a couple of others here that include 2 other famous comic villains &#34;Captain Cold&#34; and &#34; Mirror Man.&#34; Hamill's turn here changed his life, he was that manic and good, because he was hired soon after to voice &#34;The Joker&#34; in the 90's &#34;Batman&#34; series from Buce Timm."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If it isn't, it's pretty darn close. Supernatural just gets better and better with each passing season. I just watched the third episode of season four last night on TV and it looks like the current season is heading in the right direction. This is the only great show the CW has ever produced. Most people make fun of the network, but I bet they haven't watched this show. It has good acting (the two leads are very likeable), clever and often funny writing, very good special effects, a classic rock soundtrack and a well thought out storyline. Not to mention all the different hot babes that pop up almost every week.Supernatural gets a lot of involvement from the writers and directors of the The X-Files and it shows in it's quality. If your a horror and action fan like me, you won't find any show on TV better than this. Okay, maybe Dexter, but that's more thriller than horror."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Does it really matter that everything takes place in the prewar-war torn UK? I think not, this is procedural crime solving at its best. The characters feel real and as the series progresses, one becomes involved with them and what transpires in their lives. I was hesitant at first, I grew up listening to my father's &#34;war stories&#34; and saw almost every WWII TV show/documentary/movie ever made during the 50s and 60s. I really didn't want to see more of the same. This is very different, its about people, well one man, Christopher Foyle, and what happens in his life while he masterfully solves crimes. You can watch his process while he solves the current mystery (the UK, especially in the small villages, is rife with murder it seems) all the while trying to do his bit in the war effort. If you like well-acted British crime drama, try it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It is a testimony to my self-induced boredom that I purchased still another season of this repetitive series.  I could just watch Season 1 over and over again and save the money.  There is so much predictability, particularly in the repetitive gruesome and erroneous torture of wrongly-diagnosed patients until AHA! the dream team comes up with the real answer.  Were I one of those patients, I would have requested euthanasia far before they got to the AHA!  The fact that the entertainment value comes from a rude, crude, mean-spirited man ... well, that just is a sad commentary."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "For the most part, the show is enjoyable.  However, everything to do with Katey Sagal's character screams drama (more than is needed).  I guess that is how they want to play it.  She does a great job, but it is a bit much, if that isn't what you are looking for.  I was never much for over done drama (same thing that made or broke Battlestar Galactica, for the most part), thats why they have daytime soaps.  Again, good show and its worth watching, you just might have to struggle through some of it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "*My husband and I had just caught up with all the past shows on White Collar and were twiddling our thumbs wondering what we could watch together. Nothing violent or gorey (my preference) and nothing too cutesy or overly romantic (his preference). This fits the bill!I I was 'iffy' with the pilot but liked the main character well enough to give it a second chance. I am glad I did. My husband and I both enjoy this show-it's funny, interesting and the characters are very engaging! Very little blood or gore-great for me since I am squeamish and don't typically watch 'doctor shows' becuase they are too graphic. This is just well-written and fun to watch! So far, nothing offense. How nice is that??"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "There is not much to say accept the people who gave this show 3 and four stars must be from theplanet \"Mindess\". They don't know what interesting is. You know the type! It is very difficult for them to do something besides breathe. I can not go ino every plot or situatioin. But my hats off to the director , producer and certainly the actors who can't be equalled. This is not a show with a light plot.  It is show that twists around someone in the show and then goes on to something else. It is a show that keeps changing central charactors, which is the good guy and who is  the bad guy. Or, maybe there is not a good or bad guy.I will reccomend this TV serriew to people who ejoy thinking and getting envolved woth the charactorswhich is getting envolved with the plot. In short the stories are extremly complicated, but basically simple. Buy it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Parks and Recreation is one of the funniest and positive T.V. shows that you can currently find. The acting is fantastic and each episode/sketch is light-hearted. As an office fan this was a certain change of pace, but one that I found myself to enjoy immensely. I recommend sticking with this show to season 2, although I can almost guarantee you will be hooked mid-way through the first season. If you are not an Amazon Prime Member and you are looking to rent this show (perhaps through a T.V. pass), I would recommend checking out Amazon Prime, as seasons 1-4 are available with the service in HD. Watch this show!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I just started watching Flashpoint three weeks ago when I was on 10 days bed rest. Shame on me! This is one of the best shows I've seen in a long time. I don't know how it got by me for all those years. Right from the very first minute of the very first season it rocked. I'm almost at the end of the third season and it still rocks! The Characters all click; each actor is so perfectly suited to their role. I honestly can't say one negative things about Flashpoint except that the show is no longer being made! This could have easily been a 10 year run. Anyway - well worth your time if you're into this type of genre.  Yummy stuff!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is the best made television out there. No American made show or series comes close. The dialogue, the sets, the wardrobe, the lighting, locations and cinematography and characters are top of the line. The staging is staggering in the first six seasons; the quality control falls off in some episodes later on. Perhaps because you get used to an exquisite product watching the first six seasons. Agatha Christie would be proud; maybe intimidated by the way her stories have been brought to life.  Every detail is spared no expense and continuity is unmatched. I can watch these over and over in spite of the fact that I know the ending and who the villain is. If you have never see a Poirot episode it&#8217;s well worth your time to watch. John Strickland is an excellent director and Suchet, and cast is top notch. With a cinematographer like Gavin Finney  casting by Susie Parriss, production design by  Jeff Tessler  and kudos to the entire production team, they are one of the best ever assembled."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My partner is a Political Science Professor and watching Parks & Recreation with her has been wonderful to help understand some of the little innuendo that comes with understanding a comedy dealing with local government.  There are some issues that are so politically incorrect that you'll just have to laugh.  I've loved this series and have them DVR'ed and watch them over and over.  I look forward to the actual release of the DVD (which I have pre-ordered) so that I can watch the episodes without commercial interruption.The characters are extremely funny and stereotypical to what you might imagine a government worker to be like.  Lines like:\"What I can accomplish in government can actually be measured\" (after one of the characters is commended for lowering a speed bump two inches).The humor can be dry at times (love it) and it brings out a wonderful side of Amy Poehler[...]A mockumentary series at it's best!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "BSG is always good TV.  When in doubt, look to Tricia Helfer and Grace Park, two of the hottest women on TV.  The show, built on the premise of a pretty lame show really developed the characters over the seasons.Tricia Helfer is particularly amazing in her role as an angel to Guyus Baltar, Park does a tremendous job in her multiple roles...oh yea, the male cast members are pretty good.  This show took the BSG concept way beyond it's origins to a full blown series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am not a Jane Austen purist and, as such, can enjoy take offs and films of her work that are not entirely accurate.  This is my favorite.  It blends contemporary London life, morals and technology with those of the early 1800's.  It is a \"through the secret door\", trading places feature that further highlights what Jane Austen was trying to say about culture, high and low.  The switch between the two women (remaining nameless, no spoilers here) leads to a revised Pride and Prejudice holding delightful revelations about what customs mean and why they are important.  This is not a serious film, however, more like a romantic comedy, and much of it is very funny.  So suspend your practical takes on anything Austen and go get lost.  You will have a ball!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Series these days are usually careful and stupid.  Careful not to be profane, sexual, bitingly funny and self deprecating.  Stupid because money usually rolls down to the lowest common denominator of humanity.  Most series are terrified of being labeled that most ugly of all adjectives, intellectual.  This series is smart and wide frigging open.  It will run your slow a$$ over if you don't watch out and make you laugh at the tire tracks on your forehead... this is the stuff Lenny Bruce would have written if he were alive.You don't like it?  There are a million other stupid and careful shows for you to watch.  Later."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The Morse series finds its way into the very DNA of multivariate mystery  fans everywhere.To coin anew an oft quoted phrase from Britain, &#34;Never in the annals of Television Viewing have so many owed so much to so few!&#34;As the red Jaguar drifts off into the sunset over Oxford a legend passes into TV eternity.  How I wish this series could have continuedindefinitely but Time and the Man would not allow it. John Thaw's untimely passing made it so.  As much as I liked  Kevin Whatley's Inspector Lewis, Morse is still the ineffable Master and always will be. When comes such another?fch"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "First one I've watched of Inspector Morse.  I guess he is the older version of Endeavor Morse - hard to tell.  I enjoyed this very much.  I have Amazon Prime so wasn't used to having to rent or buy, so I accidentally rented like Season 5 episode 1 rather than Season 1.  But guess that's okay.I will definitely be watching the rest of the seasons.  Good shows.  Also I like the cute younger version of Inspector Lewis.  Very handsome as he is in the later Inspector Lewis series.  GREAT SHOWS ALL."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While the first two seasons were very successful, the third season is awful. THe idea of changing the format slightly is understandable and the creators were probably aftaid of getting in a rut. The problem is that the show was really very good. Until, at first Earls goes to prison, during which time he stops crossing things off his list and then he goes into a coma and it gets worse, a lot worse. Also, while previously the storylines were funny now the want to shock also slightly and the whole concept does not work anymore really."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Mr. Tim Roth drives this story line although Kellie Martin is probably meant to be a co star. The think I like most is that this is a intelligent TV series because you learn about people in our society who lie, and to some extent learn about reading people with whom you deal.  I first saw Roth in a Scottish film with Liam Neeson called where he held his own which is no easy task. The rest of the cast is alright but it is Roth who carries the film with his strutting and insights."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is definitely when the series hits it's stride (okay I've not watched beyond here so I'm assuming). After the promise of the first season this really amps it up. By giving us a &#34;big bad&#34; (using the Whedon parlance), we're more engaged with the characters, while the clubs internal strife is equally monumental creating an important balance within the show. All the acting is great with the exception of a few extras or one liners but I'm assuming there's more going on behind the scenes then we even know. Definitely check this series out if you haven't already, you won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "When you meet this group of genius nerds, you will be hooked on The Big Bang Theory!  Dr. Sheldon Cooper is played BRILLIANTLY (excuse the pun) by Jim Parsons and has more quirks than a hedgehog has spikes (but he's not crazy, \"his mom had him tested!\")  Penny (their \"normal\" neighbor) is adorable and charming and has the patience of a saint while putting up with her very strange group of friends.  This is an intelligently written sit-com.  I highly recommend this series!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The quality is as good as can be expected from a 10-year-old cartoon, but it plays smoothly.  One odd complaint--the Nickelodeon &#34;intro&#34; is MUCH louder than the rest of the cartoon for some reason, and that's consistently true across all of the Dora and Diego cartoons.  When watching you may want to adjust the volume down (or mute) until the intro is done to save your TV speakers and possibly your ears.  The cartoon itself is cute and well-structured for younger children, that eventually understand what Dora is asking for and the order in which things happen on the show.  My 2-year-old girl loves it and would watch an entire season straight through if I'd let her.  It's the first cartoon like this to really capture her attention for an entire episode so that alone makes it worth the recommendation for younger children."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Awesome show, but does it bother anybody else that most historical shows always have Brits and their accents? Come on, I'd like to see more Americans in shows that are taped, produced and marketed here, call it a plea for the actors I know here. In reality if America is the modern likeness of Rome then it makes much more sense as well. I wonder what the Romans would sound like? Maybe Italian/Greek accent seems feasible. Anyways it's a good show, I just get sick of the whole British thing."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series revolves around 4 friends who run a bar in Philadelphia and who go through a variety of difficult but extremely funny and often extravagant situations. I had heard of the series previously but was only convinced of buying it after seeing an intervewi with the actress. What a suprise: this is a somewhat lesscorrect version of Friends meets My Name Is Earl. I agree that this may not be correct at all since this series has no respect for conventional moarl issues such as lying about having cancer, discovering a friend's grandfather was a nazi. It also tackles the strange love men sometimes has for guns ets... In some ways it is difficult to describe and understand if you have not seen this gem of comedy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I thought this was excellent given the amount of time involved. Very good overview of the movie, which I also like. If there is a problem, it would be that it may give away too much of the plot. Katherine Heigl makes both this featurette and the movie worth watching. I also feel that, while the movie is a comedy, a lot of people should look at with just a bit of seriousness, as well, especially the 1st half of it. There is a lot of truth there about how men and women are hard wired for certain attitudes, and wishing it was different won't change it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Answer Manmanages to be both philosophically deep and lightheartedly funny at the same time. If you want to see a romantic comedy,Answer Manworks well. It has some funny scenes (including Jeff Daniels' monster collection) and the usual awkward romance. However, if you also like pondering the BIG questions,Answer Manprovides some interesting food for thought. It doesn't so much provide any meaningful answers as to suggest where to look for questions. Perhaps most important question is whether our lives are shaped by our choices or events that happen to us - or both."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I don't care for this version of BG. First, Boomer and Starbuck are women they should have made them men. Don't get me wrong their should be women fighter pilots but because they were 2 of the main characters practically every episode was about sexual intrigue, jealousy, and who's sleeping with who this week. Secondly, they use bullets instead of lasers. My guess is the producers did this to save money on special effects. Third, the society of this advanced culture still has people smoking and alcoholics and they haven't even cured cancer. A society enlightend and advanced as this(at least 100-200 years or more advanced than earth) would have cured the addiction of smoking and acoholism and/or outlawed it. Almost every actor was a drinker, smoker or both. I suspect tobacco companies and alcohol beverage companies paid the actors and probably the producers under the table to smoke in the series. They also would have cured cancer and almost every other disease. It looks like they were practicing 1940's medicine."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season 2 just ends in the middle of the season leaving the viewer with a HBO Soprano's ending.  Purchased a prime membership so the family could have a movie night. Thinking about going to Netflix it is only 1 cent more and has CC for the hearing disabled.  Like many Amazon rebroadcast television seasons are not CC or have a few of the episodes that are CC and  the rest are not in the same series. So if a member of your family can not hear or has trouble hearing Netflix or Hulu might be a better option since Amazon carries little selection for the hearing disabled. Called Amazon customer support about CC their programming :i.e. Jericho , Falling sky, etc., waste of time."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Wow, what a pile of trash this show turned out to be... I guess obnoxious, sexist, chauvinist, offensive, disgusting, neanderthal humor is not my cup of tea, I would call this a guttural deeply embedded teenage boy fantasy goop comedy wannabe. I regret even watching the single episode of this trash. If you like this kind of show, have fun, but be warned it reaches way under the gutter of impropriety for its kicks... you've been warned. The series is rated \"M\" for mature of audiences... what demographic are these folks pushing for? Definitely not \"Mature\" that's for sure."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Victorious is a probably the best show out there the entire family can watch; this show is enjoyed by all of the kids in my neighborhood through high school and, as an adult, I enjoy watching it with my kids.  The jokes are pretty funny and what I really like the most as a parent is the show doesn't cross the line like a lot of children-focused shows seem to do with being a tad risqu&eacute;.  The singing is excellent!We have watched all of the episodes of this season for free via our Prime membership vs. the regular price of $29.99 for the whole season: not a bad deal!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I tried watching this show a couple of times and couldn't get into it.  I love everyone in the cast, but just didn't find the show funny.  I finally sat down and thought I'd give it another try.  I wound up watching the first season in on day.  It's one part &#34;The Office&#34; with it's mockumentary style along with the varied humor levels of 30 Rock.  Unlike 30 Rock, as I've watched more seasons of the show, Parks and Rec has gotten better while 30 Rock did the opposite."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Geared for young children, when you watch carefully, the show actually teaches social stories as well as Chinese words.The character friends stumble upon some type of social-emotional problem, such as feeling left out, being impatient or unwilling to share, upset about a mistake, or playing too rough. Kai-lan encourages viewers to review a problem, identify the feeling, and find a solution. Sometimes help requires asking a grown-up for solutions. When one character has a problem, the ripple effects and consequences are shown. Kai-lan sings &#34;It's up to me and you,&#34; and shows how children can take responsibility and ownership of problems, as well as solutions. The cute songs and vocabulary review make learning easy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is worth getting alone for the second episode \"The Deadly Dolls\" guest-starring the great Vincent Price.  While the plot is similar to so many other Voyage episodes with the crew being taken over by aliens desiring the Seaview's nuclear reactor, the combination of Vincent and the hysterical Nelson and Crane puppets make this one an absolute pleasure.It is interesting to ponder how great Voyage would have been had it continued the combination of sci-fi and James Bond-type episodes seen during its second, and best, season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Another amazing Tony Jaa film. The issues I had with the original were all fixed to create an equally amazing martial arts film. The soundtrack is amazing and matched the epic fights. And this one is a few minutes shorter, but it uses its time wisely; not as much filler as the original. I also feel the movie had more emotion than the first.I thought the supernatural parts of the film were unnecessary. Also, the fights weren't as great as the fight club fights in the original. They were great, but I thought they were a little underwhelming. I will note that Ong-Bak 2 adds more variety by mixing hand-to-hand combat with weapon-based battles, which I really enjoyed.Fans of the original might enjoy and appreciate Ong-Bak 2 the most. It's definitely a movie worth checking out. If you have Netflix streaming, it is available as of 6/12/12."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "There is no mystery in this movie what so ever; there are no ghosts; there is nothing supernatural. Just ignorance. Everyone has lost someone that they love but to randomly toss in a couple of fakey slightly scarred head shots in spots that make no sense (e.g. in the car seat next to you; under some stuff in a room) or a couple of brief ghostly apparition scenes lasting a few seconds that do nothing - please! That any of these mysteries are part of illusionary compensation for losing someone is beyond belief. Also, to intermingle and confuse the one story line with another with an artificial good guy - bad guy - cute girl love triangle seems to be added to appease a certain viewing demographic but has no other function in this supposedly \"spine-tinglingly\" supernatural thriller.Finally, what does an eclipse have to do with the fundamental plot/story of the movie?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Echoes\" is the seventh episode of Joss Whedon's \"Dollhouse\" and it has, to me, a different feel than the previous episodes. I strongly recommend you watch these in order since the back-story and plot lines build from episode to episode.No plot spoilers from me: The main story involves a dangerous situation on college campus that requires the use of most of the \"Actives\", except for \"Echo\". Still, \"Echo\" manages to be central to the plot and we learn a lot more about her back story. This was an odd episode that shows us a different side of the \"Dollhouse\" residents.Recommended!CFH"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've read other reviewers talking about how it took them several episodes to get into the show. It only took me two. The first episode left me a little flat, but by the end of episode two I was hooked. I was intrigued by the concept that you couldn't tell who was what. Anybody could be a doll. A doll could be anybody. The more confusing it got, the more I liked it.Leave it to Joss Whedon to come up with a new, original and bizarre concept and make it work. It's not my all-time favorite show, or even my favorite Joss Whedon show, and if it had ceased to be after only this one season it wouldn't have held up the way Firefly did. Fortunately it was given a second season to finish the story, and as a whole it's worth watching. I can't say I love it, but I do like it a lot."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "a relative recommended this show to me, and I'm glad she did (because since I don't subscribe to Showtime)...I wasn't aware that this series existed, until recently.  Thankfully, Netflix took care of that little problem for me.Dexter plays a vigilante of sorts, a hero with a very dark side...he gives justice to those that the criminal justice system can't find or put behind bars.Michael Hall is a great actor, balancing a killer on the one hand and a likeable, lovable professional forensics expert on the other.....as he interacts in his various relationships.The show has comedy, drama, tension....it had just about everything...I guess one would label this a \"dark comedy\" type of series.  Very dark.All the other characters in the show are interesting and fun to watch, and we see the dramas played out in their life through the eyes of Dex.This is a truly original series that hooked me quickly with its stories and interesting characters- highly recommended!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I only watched the Wanda Sykes portion of this show. I think it was interesting to watch because it was before she came out as a lesbian. She was married to a man at the time. She actually made some jokes that raised my eyebrows since she is now a lesbian. I didn't like this because it seemed hypocritical but I think Wanda Sykes is really funny. She is one of the few comedians who can make me really LOL (Laugh Out Loud). If you want to see what her comedy was like before she came out a lesbian or you are a Wanda Sykes fan, watch it. I am a huge fan of hers. I would like to see her in a live how. I am glad she is true to herself now and came out as a lesbian. I hope Wanda keeps on making me and others laugh for a long time to come."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I really am into this show. It is still fun. I can see where it is heading for darker times, but that was obvious with the destruction of seasons ones villan. The cast shifts and characters die off or change. I felt some of it was rushed and not fully explained. But overall a good seasons worth of entertainment and still fun to watch.If you enjoyed the first season you should get in to this season also. I really Enjoy watching Heyerdahl as Druid.He makes every episode this character is in riveting he does a fine job of holding your interest."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is an almost perfect comedy series. ALMOST.The writing is excellent, the ideas are good and Tina Fey is really excellent in the role of LIz Lemon, head comedy writer at NBC. However, and this was the case in the first season, the secondary characters are somewhat unrdeal and often unnerving and tend to distract from what could have been perfect. Teke the page Kenneth, he tends to be very often way too geeky for the good of the series. Also Alec Bladwin's character is way over the top and somewhat unrealistic (OK, it is a comedy series) but he has improved over Season 1. The problem is that Tina Fey plays the whole thing in a reaslistic comedy kind of way and the secondary characters are way too charicatural and unrealistic IMHO for it to gel completely. However overall it has improved over Season 1 and has a lot of promise fro the future."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you're like me you didn't even consider watching dollhouse because of the name, ick. After rolling my eyes at the show I now find out it's by Joss Whedon and Eliza Dushku is the main star...well how can you go wrong? If you like the other Joss Whedon shows you'll like this one, lots of action, imaginative scripts, and good acting. It's also nice to see the familiar faces from other shows, especially because some of them are playing such different parts...I guess I shouldn't admit it, because it shows how tacky I am, but suddenly I realize they can act, as opposed to those actors that can only do well in one type of role.Some of Joss Whedon's shows took a season to really get going but the script and cast is tight from the pilot with dollhouse, oh and now that I understand the name I like it. Definitely give this show a shot."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Heroes started out as a phenomenon. It was a show that caught on like Lost, House and all the other major shows that were released around it's time. Sadley after an extremly successful first season and a TV writters strike Heores never was the same.This season was titled Redemption and it was a season that deserved the title. We were introduced to some great new characters as well as a very interesting new story. Yet the show never was able to bring itself back to the impactful first season and NBC just decided to cit the chord. To me I am all about closure and not to give Heores a proper send off was terrible. I had heard there were plans for a 2 hour series finale made for TV movie, but it was scrapped. Either way as a whole Heroes was a very interesting take on the whole superhero theme and I am very glad to know that I was able to be a part of it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season was awesome.  If the DVD release is anything like the previous 2 it will be an awesome set.  The only thing I am upset with is the fact that there were only 16 parts of this season.  Petty, yeah, but hey, I can be petty.  The acting, writing, and episodes are pretty spot on.  As for Bella, I really dont think she will be in season 4.  Well, unless she can crawl.  All in all, a great show, great acting, great writing, just was missing to much for me to be totally happy.  I wanted more, not less!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "ZOMBIE NIGHTMARE is yet one more example of cinematic agony. So horribly made, so terribly written, soooo dire all around! Plot: A group of juvenile delinquents, led by an insufferably annoying Leif Garret clone, run over a muscle-bound Eddie Van Halen double w/ their van. No problem! A local voodoo practitioner raises him from the dead, sending him on the universe's most hideously dull rampage of vengeful slaughter. Yep, this is a gift from the ultra-schlock gods! Mike and the bots have their fun, making the best of this otherwise abysmal disaster. This is one video so toxic, that it's best left to the professionals! It's up there w/ GIANT SPIDER INVASION on the biohazard scale! Though one could attempt to watch the non-MST3K version, it's really not worth the risk... P.S.- Watch for Adam \"Batman\" West in perhaps his most bombastic role... As a cop!... W/ a moustache!..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Psych\" is a hilarious show, and the second season improves upon the wonderful formula established in its first effort. Once again, this show is all about character, and the chemistry that exists between series stars Shawn and Gus is second to none, on any network or any show. It's a delight to watch these lifelong friends engage in their wildly inappropriate adventures as they attempt to solve mysteries that they really have no business getting involved in (not to mention the hilarious flashbacks to their childhood). Lassiter, O'Hara, and \"Dad\" all continue to shine, rounding out the wonderful cast of characters who each complement the show perfectly. Though every episode of these season is fun to watch, a couple of standouts for me were \"Gus' Dad May Have Killed an Old Guy\" and \"65 Million Years Off\" (in which Shawn accuses a T-Rex of murder!)."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It is a horror movie of sorts, but also a tragedy, and tale of some spiritual dimensions.  Not your standard 'horror' fare or slasher film and audiences who don't come expecting that may find the story, upon reflection, to be quite seamless, clever and ultimately rather satisfying.  I give it 4.5 stars.  It isn't quite the odyssey that Pan's Labyrinth was (different director, same producer), but for what it sets out to do, it accomplishes much.  The cinematography is top notch, as is the acting.  Crystal clear transfer on the DVD.  A story with a bit of a twist.  A story that may leave you feeling oddly hopeful rather than frightened."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you saw CATCH ME AS YOU CAN starring Leo DiCaprio as the king of the white collar criminals, this series, WHITE COLLAR, is loosely based on that premise.  This time, however, everyone is fictional.  The two partners are an FBI agent and the con man in the white collar section.  This is as much breezy comedy as it is crime drama. This episode has the two of them working on an Iraqi stolen artifacts problem.  It is not earth shattering tv but it is good and entertaining.  With some work and in time, it might become even better."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I got a kick out of it. The cocky astronaut, the 50's space alien setup, and the humour. It isn't on a par with some of the other animation movies out there, but it is nowhere near being really bad. I was somewhat shocked at the people who hated it, but then there is no accounting for tastes. Cute, non-offensive, but still gently skewers the 'you are different from me' mentality. Overall, a solid 4 for animation quality, gentle skewers, and amenability."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "In  season twoThings are still PG rated. Cleo's parents are separated and the mother is out of the show.  You finally get a little background on Rikki (where she lives and who with).  Phoebe and Claire's acting has improved (though Claire's still needs a good deal of work).The girls now seem to have increased their powers and can cause winds, lightening and snow and such. And Emma gets a new boyfriend.But this season pretty much revolves around a new girl in town named Charlotte (played by Brittney Byrnes) and she sets her love sights on Lewis.  She seems nice enough at first but soon becomes a threat to all 3 girls, which gets even worse when Charlotte herself becomes a mermaid with all 3 powers in her own possession, escalating to quite the mermaid showdown.Of seasons 1-3, this is my favorite."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I have watched Dr. Who since it started, and really became involved when Tom Baker became the Dr.  I have liked them all,and I think David Tennant is definitely one of the best.  If I think about it calmly, I see some problems arise as far as the outlandish way the Dr. Saves the world every time, but frankly, why look at it calmly. It is a wonderful modern fairy tale, and that is just the way I like it.  The actors are usually very good too.  I especially like Alex Kingston as River Song. A wonderful show which I have enjoyed having in my life for early 50 years."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I loved Kathy Reichs' books centering on the Temperence Brennen character and read them all.  The show is somewhat different from the books but still very pleasing.  Reichs continues act as an executive producer/consultant and it shows in the forensic goodies.  Emily Deschanell is perfectly cast for her role as the tile character, and David Boreanz as well as her FBI cohort.  Plenty of humor to offset the gruesome details of the murders they investigate.  If you like crime procedurals, you won't be disappointed in this show.  There is also some nice romantic interplay among the various cast members as well.  A very attractive cast.  The shows are consistently enjoyable."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is not the Rome of your childhood education or the Rome of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar. This is the story of a comparative Rome from both ends of the social spectrum; Julius Caesar as he rises to dictator and defeats Pompeii miserably, graphically and definitely vindictively. Mark Antony rises to power as well, the spoiled underling of Caesar whose desire for power in every form is graphic throughout the first season. In contrast, the life of a simple soldier, Lucius Verena and his sidekick Titus Pullo live complicated lives in Rome as they try to return to civilian life after the Gallic Wars. Quite a bit of nudity in this series, violence and total depravity which, of course, all conspired to destroy Rome. Extremely in-your-face series but I found it intriguing and compelling."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "FUTURE WARS is another reprehensible \"film\" atrocity that's seemingly custom-made for Mike and his bot friends to lampoon mercilessly. The unintelligible plot has something to do w/ wobbly, rubber dinosaurs, silly cyborgs, and a guy who runs around fighting them w/ karate. Robert Z'Dar (MANIAC COP 1-3) makes a painfully humiliating appearance as a bloated, lumbering cyborg! His scenes are almost too much to bear! The rest of this abysmal elephant turd is only watchable through MST3K-vision. Any attempts to view it otherwise could result in a slow, agonizing death..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Unlike some reviewers I didn't think Heroes was a great series- it was at it's best in the first season. I think the producers are supposed to have admitted once they had no real story plan but were making it up as they went along- I think the writing showed it as time went on.By the time 3rd season was well along I'd gotten tired of seeing how many character roles Ali Larter was stuck with (they even seemed to ignore her entirely part of the season), Hayden Panettierre?- couldn't the writers find something to do with &#34;Claire&#34; besides kill/injure her?Amazon had it really cheap when I made my order, so I decided to catch up on the episodes I hadn't bothered with while the series was still running. However good or bad it'll be at least it will look goog and maybe the extras will be good too."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I own the whole TV series from 10 years ago. I loved her character, a great female role model for the teenage/young adult set. She's smart, resourceful and I love a good detective story because I'm a super sleuth myself so I felt a kinship with her character. I could totally be a detective. While chicks were watching vacuous reality OC shows back in the day, I was more into watching the smart girl kick butt and solve mysteries. The movie was fun to watch for someone who obsessed over the TV series, but probably not for someone who didn't watch it 10 years or or who vaguely remembers the story lines. It was fun to see all the regulars again. The movie was a bit contrived and dorky but I loved it anyway. I would watch the next one if they made one so we can see Veronica and Logan be in love and live their lives together. Also, did Gia die? That wasn't clear."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I think the first season was better. The crimes/mysteries were more common place in that you see people lie all the time for the crimes depicted in season 1.  In season 2, the storyline gets more grittier, more dangerous for Dr. Lightman and his team as they confront liars who will do anything to cover up their lies. There's a hint of unrealism in season 2, only because civilians like LIghtman and his team hardly ever get called to go confront people in dangerous places such as Afghanistan or the site of a collapsed mine shaft where anything could blow up at any second. Psychologists like him and his team still realistically work under controlled conditions, either in their office or through videos and one-on-one interviews. Otherwise, though, season 2 is still exciting."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Overall has most of my favorite episodes. It's hard to explain, but there is something about the cast of characters and how they interact that is very believeable despite the unreal events they cope with. The acting is sincere, and we know the foibles and quirks of the characters which makes the epidsodes more fun. I think I like &#34;Insane in the P Brane&#34; best of all.  The two scientists on either side of a scientific breakthrough, unknown to them, but one thinks he's hearing his mother from the after life is done very well. I miss my Eureka &#34;friends&#34;."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "iCarly is a good show the entire family can watch; this show is enjoyed by all of the kids in my neighborhood up to about 8th grade.  The jokes are pretty funny and what I really like the most as a parent is the show doesn't cross the line like a lot of children-focused shows seem to do with being a tad risqu&eacute;.We have watched all of the episodes of this season for free via our Prime membership vs. the regular price of $24.99 for the whole season: not a bad deal!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season is really underrated in my opinion.  It has some of my favirote episodes in it like the three part Coon and Friends episode.  The commentary is also great, because Matt and Trey finally explain more about Kenny's awareness of his deaths and immortality.  I just love the whole comic book vibe of these three episodes and how all the kids have their own super hero persona. This blu-ray has some funny deleted scenes too and a bonus episode of the original Coon episode. If you're a South Park fan then this is a must have for your collection."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Monk's 6th is just as hilarious and entertaining as the previous seasons. Adrian Monk is still miserable and continues to help Captain Stottlemeyer and Disher with solving murders, with the help of his devoted Assistant, Natalie. Throughout this season, Monk must deal with his crazed fan, help a rapper, teaches Julie Teeger about love, hang out with his psychiatrist's son, shoots Santa Claus, joins a cult, becomes a fugitive, and finally has a new lead in the murder of Trudy. I highly recommend MONK: SEASON SIX!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Instead of following the Dexter formula (12 episodes seasons), this new season of Lie To Me expanded to more than twenty episodes. In this case, this implied a lsos of quality, unfortunately.THings are some how weird in this season. The freshness and sheer brilliance of the first season (however flawed or not the whole concept may be) are gone since Episode One. Tim Roth, however, is still great to watch, as is Gillian Foster (forgot the name of the actress).BUt thing are kind of formulaic here. A lot of episodes are completely stand-alone. And they killed Spike!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Series Creator: \"Nancy Miller\" penned a nice semi-hard hitting TV version of a La Femme Nikita with severely rough edges Oaklahoma Police Dept. Detective that has fallen under the watchful graces of an Angel assigned to provide the Detective with a second chance at redemption for all of the dimwitted, narrow-minded, self destructive decisions she's made.Nicely done, almost different and indifferent to the usual Playmate Bunny types depicted in commercial Television dramas, petite \"Holly Hunter\" manages to drive this series forward with a Napolean complex hellbent on rough-housing anything, and anyone that gets in her way. While the themes are adult oriented, the nature and style is more akin to the whimsy of teenage boys--with enough preadulescent attraction for Tomboy girls--to offset oncoming hormonal desires, which makes \"SAVING GRACE\" highly entertaining viewing for the youth of my soul...  GBJ"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "NO SPOILERS : this season was amazing. i accidently stumbled onto this season....i hadn't watched survivor since the third season...so i knew nothing about any of the cast. so once i caught the first episode i immediately was hooked...the entire season, J.T., Steven, The Dragon Slayer, Taj....all excellent. the games are exciting, the rewards were awesome, and seriously some of the best backstabbing ever. this season, however, also had alot of heart...i truly did love the final four....good and bad...they all deserved to be there...i watched the entire series in two days...GORGEOUS scenery, excellent editing, music on point, Probst is excellent.cannot recommend this season enough....im not ruining any surprises here....im not...but three words...FAKE IMMUNITY IDOL = BRILLIANT."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season 2 and all other seasons in this series is very educative to watch. You will find the host Mr. Mike Rowe&#8217;s comments very entertaining. Mike has gone to some extraordinary lengths to participate in these series and show us an array of episodes how hard some honest people work in this country to make our lives easier. If these honest people did not do their dirty jobs as portrayed in the series then civilized life on earth would not have been possible. Sincere thanks to all hardworking individuals who made these series a hit."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Southland & Homicide have alot in common as far as Deep edgy Cop Dramas That take a Much more realistic look behind The men and womanThat put there lives on the Line to Serve & ProtectBoth Shows have An Amazing ensemble cast  (Perfect Casting!!!!!!!!)Both Shows Introduced viewers through the eyes of the Rookie CopWith Homicide  Det. Tim Bayliss  played Perfectly by Kyle Secorand Southland  Officer Ben Sherman played equally Great  by Ben McKenzieEnough of me Geeking out over Great Top Notch Cop ShowsDespite all the Positive reviews from both Critics and TV Viewers The Show was Canceled due to the NBC Late Night Re-ToolingJay Leno in Prime Time (Boy, that was such a Great Idea!?!?!)But, out of Nowhere TNT Bought the Show  Thank GodSouthland never seem to fit on Network tv (It was To Dark and Raw)The original broadcast on  NBC was Butchered..........With TNT alot less bleeps But, Now with the Season One Box Set it's UNCUTHopefully if it sells enough Units it will get a BR TransferBelieve the Hype and all the Critics10/10"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I have all the seasons currently available on DVDs - watching the 3d season right now and it never dissapoints. I am not even pretending I could understand most of its mathematics, but the \"adaptation\" is done with real elegance so that your average non-mathematician is often nicely tickled by understanding so much :) The series also keep a careful and well balanced proportion between brain part and emotions part, so the relationships and friendships are interesting to watch but they do not drag a clever and fascinating crime series into a family drama.One of the best crime/investigation series around, together with Criminal Minds, Without a Trace and CSI. Hope it stays around for many more seasons."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Where is Calvin Klein tween's EMMY for her performance.  It is so great that David Carradine's daughter (echo!) gives an even better performance than her dad on Criminal Minds.  I've taped the last scene on my dvr a few times when the episode has reaired because her performance is SO satisfying but rewatching her earlier scenes is important to understand how devastating her character is.  She does crazy things with her face in her scene with VDO who is wearing one of his BEST suits and of course, John Glover is wonderful from his first scene when it is obvious what a burden his daughter's existence is to him but never more so than when he silently rubs his eyes in the interrogation room with the speaker is turned off - in one room, not the other.  There is a HINT of his character's resentment of his former protege that will be given the spotlight in his reappearance in a later season.  FUN."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am just beginning to watch the popular series so my comments are limited to Season 1 alone.  I like most of the players but the writing needs some work. Some outlaw clubs are quite brutal but not necessarily as stupid as some are portrayed here, I don't like the gratuitous violence, especially when they showed an ex member get his back burnt up with a blow torch. Some that like zombies and horror movies may like this violence. I tend to like meaningful stories that draw you into the people, regardless of what or who they are. This series isn't there yet for me but I will post an update if it improves or just quit watching if shows too much stupid & violent."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This film was a minor letdown after reading all the five star reviews.  There's nothing intrinsically wrong with the film.  My theory is that after years of being out of circulation it's reputation exceeds it's actual artistic worth.  Everything here is aces, though.  Good direction, atmosphere and writing.  The acting is superb with the stolid Robert Mitchum leading the cast.  I particularly liked Steven Keats' gundealer and Richard Jordan's duplicitous fed.  I think we've been spoiled by the high quality of films in this genre with Sidney Lumet's \"Prince of the City\" and Martin Scorsese's \"The Departed\".  Recommended without reservation but not as enthusiastically as some."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've never watched this show before and do find myself intrigued by it.  This week's challenge was to cook a fantastic pork dish paired with red wine (to be drunk).  The guest judge is very serious about his red wine so the two had to be perfect complements.  Amazing that there are this many super artistic ways to cook and present pork with red wine.  I just went and watched every back episode to this season as well and found them all fascinating.  Generally I don't like reality tv but these shows where you learn something are a bit different.  This is very much like Project Runway but about food instead of clothes.  I like both shows and have learned a lot."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I absolutely loved this show. I see it has been listed as a cult thing and I'm not sure what that means. I'm a very senior Senior so my interest may be surprising but I had a hard time doing anything else until I'd finished watching the last episode. All the good things said about this series are true--I was just very disappointed to learn that it was ending with this season. I have recommended it highly to several friends, but haven't heard their feedback yet. What a gem!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's hard for me to rate this season. Overall it's great, as good as any of them. I do have one problem, which is the episode 'The Case Of The Missing Will'. They did a fine job on the episode, and it was quite entertaining, and yet if I could rate the episodes individually that one would only get one star. Why? For the simple reason that they threw Agatha Christie's story in the trash and wrote their own. The 'Missing Will' of the series has absolutely nothing to do with the original, nothing at all.Other than that I would gladly give this season five stars."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My daughter found Yo Gabba Gabba several years ago and I let her watch a few episodes but then stopped because it jumps around visually too often and is not good for kids under three or four.I let her watch them now that she is 4.  She loves music and there is a lot of that.  The characters are entertaining and colorful, the lessons are good life lessons, and the show is usually upbeat.  I especially like the &#34;Party in the Tummy&#34; song and use it to get my kid to eat things she would rather leave on the plate.  I also like the &#34;germs&#34; song but I can't remember if that is in the first season or later.Fun show but the first season might be seizure inducing in very sensitive kids, they toned it down in subsequent seasons."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am on ep 9,  and the good hero's are still going strong and some good characters are ..leaving, but being replaced with more great characters and twist.  I am enjoying second season as much as I have enjoyed the first season so far. and hope the rest of the season's are as good.  Kristen bell is in this season, and the guy from the past (Japan 1871) appears to be a great addition.  I love to watch some of the old characters learning more about their past / families, and some characters are not sure what side they are on any more.  Who is the good team, and who is the bad team.  Everyone seems to have their idea on how a hero can save the future.  Someone learns that they have more powers than they thought they had, and are becoming more like their parent with the new found powers.  Think I am addicted.  :("}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I gave this one a try because I'd seen Buffy the Vampire Slayer ( and generally liked it) and Angel (often liked it, especially in the early episodes) and liked Eliza Dushku in each of them. I was never as happy with this series- not liking the concept of people renting out their bodies to be &#34;imprinted&#34; with recorded memories/ personalities of other individuals to be used as desired. Ms. Dushku could perform quite a range of characters whether as a prostitute or agent on a mission-for me she was really the only reason to watch Dollhouse.That unaired pilot, I think they called it on the DVD, &#34;Echo&#34; obviously was rewritten for the second season finale, not much better here than there. In my opinion, if you're short on money look for 1st season in the bargain bin, and skip 2nd entirely."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Early Roman history has never interested me much, but this series is so well done that I found myself entranced and inspired to find out what was truth and what of it was pure fiction!  Anything that can wisk you back in time, capitvate your whole mind space so that finishing the story is almost an obsession and inspire you to desire to know even more is undoubtably a triumph!  There are moments of....well, extremely adult content to put it delicately....that would or at least might not set well with parents of young impressionable children, but otherwise, this is historical fiction of the highest quality!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is more a blanket review for Sesame Street than any particular season.  All three of my children have enjoyed this show, with my daughter (almost 2) actually seeming to be the one who is going to enjoy it the most.  She enjoys seeing most of the muppets and can name almost all of them, but for some reason she goes crazy over Cookie Monster!  She absolutely loves him.  She is picking up counting and some of the songs, and it manages to keep her attention for almost 10 minutes at a time sometimes, which is huge for a 1-year-old.  The best part is I don't feel guilty for letting her watch it.  I grew up on this show so I'm happy to be able to share it with my children."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Well--not the best Survivor but there are plenty of entertaining elements and characters you love to hate.  The streaming was very poor quality for the first few minutes of every episode, and then phased in and out of adequate quality to so blurry I wasn't certain who the characters were.  Several times it froze and never managed to reload (I turned it off and then back on, then pushed \"resume\"--usually to good effect).  Streaming quality issues are not restricted to this item.  I have 15 mps DSL and have done online speed tests to confirm it.  I should be getting better quality than I have from Amazon Instant Videos.  I have a 1 GB video card and 8 GB DDR3 RAM as well as an i3 processor."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Always on the lookout for quality children's programming for our family, my wife and I fell in love with this show.  I think I like watching it even more than the kids.  We typically stick with educational shows, which I do not believe this would fall into, but consider this to be a quality show.In addition to its innocence, this show is full of great songs and really encourages imagination.  It is very well thought out, with sub plots of each episode neatly relating to one another and all tying together.This is GREAT stuff!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This movie is a must see and one of the best. The film had a lot of twists toward the end but kept me interested. The film uses an unfolding mystery and atmosphere to create fear. The feel of this movie is dark and foreboding throughout the film. Simple things made this movie: the desolate seaside location...the cliffs...a burlap mask... The house itself is creepy with dark corners. Dripping water, creaking floorboards added to the ominous feel of the movie. Only one scene involved gore - and the entire theater gasped when it happened. Rueda is wonderful as the tormented mother Laura. She carries this film to the end with palpable desperation. She appeared thin, and was not made up with hair and makeup which created more belief in her character. Hollywood actresses could take notes on her believability and strong performance.TOP NOTCH scrip/chills & acting  MUST SEE!!! This movie has the feel the \"The Others\" and has an \"M. Night\" twist towards the end."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "As I have stated, this series, in my opinion is just the best. The acting, scripts, and so on are wonderfully done. Morse is a fascinating person. He has the top education and is rather a snob on the surface. Deep down, he is a man with a good heart. He never marries, but loves women. He loves classical music and teaches the officer beneath him, to eventually do the same. I really like this series and do not tire of watching it. If you are a fan, turn to Endeavor to see how Morse begins his career choice in law enforcement. Amazon has it all. I find myself watching few regular television shows any longer. I spent all day, Sunday watching so many programs. Love Amazon Prime!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "and I find it irksome when a program, which deals with lying, begins it's TV life, as it were, with lies.  Intentional or not, it's sad that most of Hollywood, if not all, portray Jehovah's Witnesses as a bunch of frothing fanatics. This program would be case-in-point.  It seems to me that the 'writers' would and should make, at the very least, an attempt to get facts straight before portraying the beliefs of nearly 8 Million people.  Clearly this wasn't done, shame on them, and since they in fact DID lie to everyone the program looses any credibility it hoped to gain with me and many others."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Jenna Jameson has no looks left and hasn't for years, and can't spell the word \"act\" much less do any of it, and it shows beyond doubt in this movie made for teenage boys. Anything at all to stay in the public's eye up to and including marrying a violent, egotistical drug head, so I guess it is true that birds of a feather stick together.NOTHING worth while in a movie my neighbor started  watching, and we both agreed to shut it off after 5 whole minutes it was so bad..SAVE your time and god knows please don't waste your money."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I enjoyed this first season quite a bit and it makes me hopeful for what's to come. While I liked the first half of the season, I didn't feel like the show really gelled until the second half, with the introduction of the vicious ATF agent they truly found a focus and a story line to build towards that made the first part of the season seem inferior and paled in comparison. That said, there is excellent production values from beginning to end, the acting is great throughout and the directing, while for the most part not revolutionary, is adequate and like the show improves toward the end of this season. I'm eagerly anticipating starting season 2."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "When season 5 ended we left Jack on a freighter headed towards China.  When season 6 started Jack is being returned, complete with scars and a dazed expression, to be traded in a \"Bauer for Bombs\" exchange.  \"President Palmer the lesser\" bows out in the middle of the series to let the vice-president, who is diddling his turn coat assistant, run amock and make a lot of bad decisions that keeps the plot rolling along.  His chief of staff handles the dual role of good guy/bad guy (at the same time) well.  Back at CTU Mary Lynn must still have that bad smelling limburger cheese sandwich in her desk as her expression remains puckered again this year.  I'm not saying I didn't have fun watching the current series - just that it may be getting a little chiche (but we still haven't jumped the shark)."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've watched this movie many times and have never gotten tired of seeing it. It's intellectually engrossing due to the plot twists and the interesting legal issues that come up in the film. It's also just fun to watch because of the action and suspense. It's also educational because it exposes us to the fact that what happens in the film probably happens in real life all the time without our knowledge. It makes us look at the problems of pollution and gov't policy in regards to pollution in a new light. Julia Roberts and Denzel Washington are great in this movie!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Kids love the characters, storyline, and the music. I, the adult, totally love the music!! I'm surprised the kids dance to the music because they are a pop/hip pop generation. The music is often jazzy, or blues its so cool. This is a really nice series, no hitting or bad words-important-toddlers reinact or copy everything. Certain shows I can't let them watch because they really model bad behavior, I don't have to worry about this with the Backyardigans. All the characters are equal, looks and gender are not an issue in this forward thinking show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Though these were the last of 10's reign as the Doctor, they were done SO well.  I started watching again with #9 Chris Eccleston.  He was FANTASTIC (hehe) definitely a warrior, but with a soft spot just big enough for Rose Tyler to enter.  After his regeneration into #10 (Tennant) you see the warrior remain, but with more of a loving side.  Tennant's range of emotion, his depiction of a complex character who must travel alone, but longs for companionship - is just hands down incredible.  I don't think there was one episode where I didn't wind up tearing a little by episodes end.  You gotta love a Time Lord with a passionate love for humanity.  Doctor Who #10 is Brilliant!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Sorry, just saw the latest season 4 episode. You know, cobras and taints? Well my last review got bumped for a language interpretation - I assume - because I used the phrase 'Holy s*** snacks'. This is just a test to see if I get bumped again.Anyhow, outrageous, totally non-PC humor, slime-ball secret agent-ery, suave nimrod-ery, ribald water-cooler humor - I'm in heaven .... funny as a WHOLE BIG OL' box of sh8t-snacks ....  :)"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My two favorite shows of the past ten years have been \"The Sopranos\" and \"The Shield.\"  As \"The Sopranos\" limps into its final season--let's face it, that show hasn't had the same compelling intensity since its first three incredible seasons--\"The Shield\" is still kicking major butt.The quality has never let up and I would highly recommend that you watch every season from the very beginning.  The writing is so inventive and the acting is just dynamite.I can't wait to see where they're going with this!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I really like how this story line deviates from the other SG shows.  The other shows condensed a story line into a few minutes of light drama, action, comedy, and always &#34;saved the day&#34; no matter how far gone things were.SGU does not do this!  While there is a plot in each show, there is still the large plot that is &#34;where are we going, and why?&#34;.  The story line is more adult/grown up, and is a more of a mature &#34;soap opera&#34;.To bad the series ended short, due to the reasons I stated.  It lost the key group that kept the other SG series going."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am still mad about them canceling Sarah Conner Chronicles. Its one of the few TV series that I really, really wanted to know what was going to happen next. The people who cancelled that series should be a;lsdk kdfjklFII!!! (its too bad for a Amazon review).Ok, so, if you haven't seen that series watch it. The second season is even better than the first.This video is animated and has graphics about the level of todays consoles (PS3/Xbox), but don't let that stop you. Its pretty good and lets cross our fingers that if the Terminator mythology is persistant enough we may see some more great content."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Science fiction is one of my favorite themes. It can be smaltzy or realistic, it doesn't matter as long as the plots are moving forward realistically and the acting is decent. More often than not,  most Sci Fi hasn't developed varied plots, but for now, until the industry has more imaginative writers, it is ok. I prefer real science fiction, not blurred into fantasy of mythical beasts and vampires, which end up moving the imagination back into reality and snuffing out the momentum of plot advancement.My only suggestions are: keep it real with emotional responses, don't overdo it with fake shooting scenes, devise unique ways to solve problems (McGiverish), and grow the the characters relationships.  There is nothing wrong with a good &#34;McGuffin&#34;.If a series can develop over time, I'll be a faithful watcher. If not, once episode or less is enough."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It was this show that made me realize that the best programs were rarely on broadcast TV anymore.  FX has taken unique risks with their programming.  (Thanks forever, for giving Louie CK the room to do what he does best.  Rescue Me had scenes so heartbreaking, I could barely stand it.)The Riches is a great metaphor for looking at the American Dream through a cynical lens, unique in its kind of subtlety and suspense.  Eddie Izzard did great work, as did Minnie Driver.  What a culture clash--Travelers vs. Settlers.  Why did it end?  I'm so happy for the chance to go have another look at programming I miss.  With streaming video I can really say, there is no such thing as moaning, \"There is nothing on.\"  Now, there really is, always something worth watching."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I recently moved to Thailand to teach and there is little to watch in English on t.v. I overheard some co-workers discussing how funny the show is, so I bought the first season DVD. It is so funny I finally had to stop eating while watching to avoid choking, so I bought the other two seasons. Right now I'm trying to figure out how to download season 4 to my PC. I've watched all three seasons several times and it still makes me choke on food, but I suppose eventually I'll get tired of it and stop laughing. Hasn't happened yet, though."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series has a variety of plots, and the chemistry works well among all the characters.  It is fast moving with a lot of action, yet it keeps its humanity.  The main characters are all fascinating because they've previously been clandestine agents and have many tricks of their trade from which to draw.  The female lead character is very strong and strong-willed with her own mind and actions, which is very refreshing.  She also has a good heart, along with the other 2 male leads, so they find themselves constantly helping other people instead of sticking to their own agendas.  All 3 three main charcters are fearless and capable of extracting themselves from dangerous situations and people.  The violence is not graphic and not overdone.  Recommend Seasons 1 - 4.  Haven't seen 5 yet. Have a good day, everyone."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Heck, what a change of course!Season Three of Voyage To The Bottom Of The Sea altered dramatically the tone of the show. Gone were the clever plots about spies, Cold War, nuclear danger, secrete agents. Gone is the Nelson Institute location, different things like Veneza, etc.Admiral Nelson is onboard the Seaview in all episodes, and now the focus are aliens, monsters, mermaids, werewolves, mummies, dead Nazi agents, plant men, wax men, you name it. The Seaview \"rock and roll\" like never before, it's a miracle it never gets destroyed.Gone is Riley, in comes Patterson.Season Two is the best for me, it will always be. Bu Season Three has its moments and, in general, maitained the good reputation of the show as a guilty pleasure show. It was in Season Four that thing went downhill drastically."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is the first season that James the gravedigger is in. He is great to root for because he's not a great talker and he's the biggest powerhouse to play the game. He ends up with 2 idols and makes a bad move. Amanda is one of the stronger girls to play the game but she gets pretty annoying because of how smug she is. Todd is the biggest schemer and deserves to win the game more than anyone else. This season has a big twist that screws the 2 strongest players in the game, Aaron and James. Courtney is probably the weakest player ever to play to game. She starts the game at 93 lbs and ends up at 86 lbs. Jean Robert is the token jerk. Peih Gee is supper annoying and freaks out all the time and she thinks she's somehow the leader of a tribe. James' tribe is great to root for and Peih Gee's tribe is the tribe you hope loses. Jaimee and Erik are both total losers who are great for each other."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Although this season of Eureka did not have a particularly strong story arc that carried throughout (the questions of \"the artifact\" are never answered in a satisfactory manner), it really doesn't matter. The show is just so much fun to watch! It's the strength of the characters that makes it shine- Sheriff Carter, Deputy Lupo, Fargo, Zoe, Alison, Stark, and of course, Henry Deacon. It's a delight to see the chemistry that occurs between all these well written characters, as they attempt to save the town of Eureka from a new crisis each episode. Sure, it's pretty formulaic, but that's part of what makes it so good... it's familiar, and comforting, and the formula just plain WORKS.Unfortunately, the resolution on this DVD is not very good (it's old technology, after all), and it's not available on Blu-ray. But if you can stream it from Netflix in HD, it looks fantastic."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've said this before elsewhere and I'll gladly say it again here. David Suchet is the ultimate Hercule Poirot. I enjoy this series immensely because the production companies involved in the creation of the programs seem to strive for perfection. The sets, locations and especially the costumes are superb. The episodes have only one weakness that I can see and that is the dialogue. On extremely rare occasions the characters will use an expression such as &#34;excuse me&#34; to indicate a hearing problem. This practice was not used in that time period for that reason. But I'm majoring in the minors here. All the Poirot programs are wonderful and I recommend them to everyone."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "StarGate Universe reminds me of StarGate Atlantis that had so much potential that was missed.  When did we start making TV shows that had more action in them than story lines.  Here we have a great premise for a story line that could go on for years.  However, starting with the first episode there was no back story which leave us confused.  That is support to happen.  However, I'm half way through the first season and I'm still trying to figure that part out.  I wish they did like the Avengers movie and did a lot of background with a good amount of action.  Maybe they need to find the MASH writers for help.  Still worth the watch because it will be referred to in future StarGate movies or series.  I'm just glad Ben Browder wasn't in it.  He was good in FarScape, yet he sucked in StarGate."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season is good, but not great. That can be attributed to the fact that there are only 10 episodes for the season. It mostly deals with the fallout from Lem's death at the end of season 5. Because season five was also short, only 11 episodes, this season should just be considered a continuation of that.The first couple of episodes wrap up the Jon Kavanaugh storyline. There's also a new leader for the Strike Team, Kevin Hiatt, the San Marcos Murders, Vic searching for Lem's killer, Julian is promoted to the Strike Team, Dutch not meshing with Billings, Tina teaming up with Danny, Dutch trying to get with Tina, Shane cutting a deal with the Armenians, and a new bad guy behind the things going on in Farmington.This season was good, and probably would get a 5, but compared to the first 4 seasons of the Shield, it just wasn't in the same class."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Series lives up to its name, but maybe not in the best of ways.  Stories are definitely interesting. But character development falters for nearly everyone. We are supposed to be sympathetic for a rich girl trying to do her job. Not sure why. Cop who has terminal condition is very much a jerk--who is his helper?  Paranoid detective is basically a coward who is a danger to everyone he works with.  The &#34;wise&#34; veteran convinces his partner to broadcast her &#34;secret&#34; to all precinct workers. How does that help. And so on. Characters contradict themselves too much to make a believable series. And so was there a season 2?  Wait a minute. I don't care"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The 13th season lacked a lot of the good biting satire and social commentary of previous seasons. The pee humor was rather disgusting as I prefer intellectual humor. To that end, the last episode made the whole season a worthwhile purchase ($15.00 Walmart, which had seasons 1-13 to my surprise). In Dances with Smurfs, Cartman, plays a Glenn Beck character doing the morning announcements (the kid who was doing the announcements was killed in a case of mistaken identity.) Cartman hounds Wendy, the school president, and blames her for every wrong at the school."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am a fan of Tobe Hooper who directed the original \"Texas Chain Saw Massacre\" and \"Poltergeist\" but this episode does not live up to his reputation.  The story is blurry, unoriginal and not scary at all. It is a tale that has been told many times before.  An angry demon of the earth, this time oil under the earth, enters the body of a father and the son witnesses his father brutally kill his mother.  Now years later it's time for the evil spirit to inhabit the son's body and cause mayhem and destruction throughout the town he lives in. The story has no real clarity, and there is a no suspense or thrills just mass confusion in the film and outside the film as a viewer.  It looks like it was just thrown together at the last minute.  If you want some originality and horror watch Hooper's Season 1 contribution called \"Dance of the Dead\" and save yourself some time and money here."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I LOVE the Poirot moves and David Suchet is Poirot embodied. However, since there are many other reviews that give better information on the content of these movies, I am simply commenting on the quality of the video.For some reason, this specific episode is really grainy. I'm not exactly complaining because I'm streaming them at such a little cost through AmazonPrime's annual $79 fee which is a mere pittance. To use the language of Poirot  :DJust saying... I don't know why this one is not very good quality-wise, and I just watched the previous two in this season and no prob.  It almost looks like old fashioned film."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I thought the premise of the series was  ridiculous.  These rebels are criminal low lifes whose lives appear to be caught up in a Walter Mitty hero fantasy about being bad boy bikers.  The script throws in glimpses of male bonding, emotional depth, and odd paradoxical integrity, which comes off as absurd given that they're just a bunch of middle aged wannabes caught up in an arrested development of their teens.  If the storyline didn't attempt to be taken seriously, it could have been a good comic satire."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I only just noticed that Season 2 of Little Bill was available, and immediately watched it (this time, my son wanted it...in a few months time he will be 4 years old).  In my opinion this show continues to be the best &#34;TV&#34; program for my son...I'm thrilled that Bill Cosby created this very warm, family-friendly, non-commercial, and ofcourse, non-violent series for young children.  At this stage of my young son's life, everything is a teacher...he is a sponge, soaking in all to which he is exposed.  No better teacher than the the &#34;real - life lessons&#34; offered in Little Bill.  The only difference that I note in Season 2 is that its somehow 'already familiar,' the episodes are all different but the novelty of being a first encounter has changed.  However, that does not take away from the quality of the show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit - The Tenth Year coud've been a lot stronger if that chick from One Tree Hill was never cast as the new District Attorney, the writers came to their senses and got rid of her halfway through the season. Stephanie March returned as Alexandra Cabot, glad to see her back - she is such a natural! Mariska Hargitay and Christopher Meloni continue to impress me, two of the best actors on t.v. Some of the episodes were over-the-top especially that illegal tiger meat episode, what was that?! This show has become kind of campy the last couple of seasons, that can start to annoy loyal fans who have been with the show since the beginning. Good season but ditch the lame jokes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I don't know if it was the movie, the lack of hysterical commentary or just me, but this wasn't one of KST3K's best efforts.  Outside of Forest Tucker jokes (which are always worth a laugh) there wasn't enough bad material to keep the show going.  Took me 3 sessions to finish it all off, at which point I was happy to see it over as opposed to wishing it would keep on going.But, as they say, even a bad MST3K is better than a good day at work."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "With this purchase, I have now purchased all 15 seasons of this wonderful series.  I'm not in the medical field, but this drama gave me a greater appreciation of it.  NBC did a wonderful job.  The actors and actresses in this 15 year series were some of the best.  Thank you also to Amazon for providing me with some of the DVD's.  I hope that those of you who read this review are as big a fan as I am of this show, and that your collection is complete as well."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This isn't one of those shows or movies about a serial killer who just does it for fun.  Dexter Morgan targets people very specifically and only those whom he believes have crossed a line or violated one of his standards.  For example, Dex would never molest or kill a child, so he kills a man who has done such things to choir boys.  This is not a defense of Dex, just a clarification.What makes him even more complex is that he did not suffer abuse at the hands of his loving foster parents; he maintains a good relationship with his sister, a cop; he works as a forensic examiner for the police; he fakes emotions as best he can with  his girlfriend and her kids; and feels nothing at all, most of the time, unless it's a sense that he must get rid of someone.Michael C. Hall's performance and voiceover work are very strong. He's stretched out further than he could with his character on the late, great Six Feet Under."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Finally, a family friendly comedy that is both funny and original. Eddie Murphy, an ambitious financial investor, comes to believe his daughter's blanket can give him sound financial advice! Meanwhile, his competitor, Thomas Haden, uses Native American mysticism and animal aphorisms to woo clients. Add to this the adorable Yara Shahidi, who plays Murphy's daughter, andImagine Thatmakes for the first truly enjoyable comedy I've seen in years. The ending got a bit cliche, but at least it was done with style (Eddie Murphy's final wardrobe is quite fashionable!). In fact, I'd go so far to say that this movie has quite a bit of imagination."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The two lasting images in this episode are Betty with her new-old Victorian fainting couch with dress to match and Don in a late night reenactment of the noir film NIAGARA, seedy motel and all. Everyone else is good too but maybe it is because everyone back in that time period wanted to BE Betty or Don, that they captivate us so. Everyone continues to jockey for position at Sterling Cooper.  Seemingly the order of the day is to just outflank your colleagues at Sterling Cooper.  Cooper himself outflanks Draper so that Draper can't leave him high and dry while Peggy tries to do just that--moving out and on, probably with Duck who has all female product clients with another agency. Joan is gone but I really don't believe it. As for Roger Sterling........... uhm..... Roger who?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "HIMYM is not so much an original sitcom, but instead more of the perfection of the sitcom.  Every once in awhile I feel I've seen a similar episode of friends or will & grace.  But I can't deny how much fun the show is to watch.  I love all of the characters, and enjoy watching their various adventures.  This season had some great stand outs like the news years eve episode where they take three (3) separate stories and find a way to intertwine them, the \"intervention\" episode, where they had an intervention because they had too many interventions, and of course my personal fav Barney's family (when you see it, you'll understand.)Sure, the show may not be the most original, but it sure is fun. And frankly, not every show has to be the Wire to be great.  I highly recommend this show, and can't wait for season 5!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I don't have television, haven't for 11 years. When I learned CBS was allowing free viewing over the internet I checked it out and started watching episodes of CSI, CSI NY, CSI Miami, and NCIS. I found NCIS to be my favorite and this particular show Dead And Unburied is my favorite so far. I enjoy the light-heartedness of NCIS. So I decided to download this episode from Amazon Unbox.I really wish Amazon Unbox would allow me to burn shows I've purchased. As it is they are restricted to viewing on my computer. When Unbox expands this service to allow me to burn DVDs I will likely purchase many more shows this way. I like selecting individual shows."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Wonderful stories from a child's perspective. I like how Little Bill has supportive relationships with children and adults. Little Bill has a good friend who happens to have Cerebral Palsy and is wheelchair bound. The stories deal openly and compassionately with common issues that arise around those with special needs (helping vs. making someone feel babied). Adults (teacher, parents, grandparents) are depicted as helpful and wise allies. There are episodes that show sibling rivalry, competitiveness, and ways they resolve hurt feelings. The voice of Little Bill does remind me of Bill Cosby's standup and mention of his own childhood."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Not since MONSTER'S BALL have I seen a movie that made we want to conduct a nuclear strike on the Deep South and then hang myself.Since I've been to the south, I wonder if anyting coming out of Hollywood (or Sundance) can be trusted.  To filmmakers, the south isn't a region or a people or culture, but a genre that can only be pushed and mutated into exercises in human depravity and despair.  I'm sure there are people who live horrible lives...but that's everywhere.  And I really don't think another film about addictions, poor white trash, and rape is necessary.  Just me.The acting is good.  The film looks very professional.  The writing...well...life really sucks east of Aspen and Hollywood."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Friends - The Complete Tenth Season is the last in the show's amazing 10-year run. The last season was the shortest as well, only 18 episodes. Some of the episodes are funny and entertaining and some are not. Season 10 is a mixed bag, you can tell the writers really started running out of ideas. The series finale is incredibly moving and spoiler alert! Ross and Rachel finally get back together (they are so meant to be, seriously!). Monica and Chandler finally get a baby, well twins actually. Phoebe gets married to Mike and Joey well he's character went on to star in an unsuccessful spin-off. It was time these \"friends\" went their separate ways but at least fans like me can watch these DVD's anytime, enjoy!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I almost gave up on this show afeter Season 3, which I thought it was not bad by itself, but simply inferior to the amazing Seasons 1 and 2.Anyway, people sometimes tend to demand that each single episode of a TV show be a master-piece of film making. This is simply not possible. The shooting and writing schedule is frenetic, they are exposed to ratings, to threat of being cancelled, etc, etc. the producers of a show (usually) try do do their best.Of course, sometimes there is sloppy and lazy writing, but I think this is more the xception than the rule.In this season, sometimes I got pissed with some cheap \"matrix-sequel style\" riddles and philosophy, but other than this (and KAte Sackhoff as Starbuck - I simply thins she is so unpleasant and such a weak actress that the Starbuck character is obnoxious sometimes) it was a superior season than season 3."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The third season has Sam and Dean trying to save Dean soul from hell. They have killed the yellow eyed demon and are now trying to save Dean from going to hell because he made a deal with a demon to save Sam. As we have learned from this series that this family keeps makking deals with demons and pay the price. It cost them there father life. Season was very good. They hunt down demons and other stuff. Gets slow in the middle but the ending is very well done! A jaw dropping ending that will leave you speechless. They also have that actress who plays Maggie from the Walking Dead in it when she was younger. She was ok."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Books and movies that are not predictable are my favorite. This movie took me awhile to catch on to the premise so I gave it a good rating. The beginning drags only because it is out of sequence to the story. It takes time to get used to the back and forth of the story line and then it hits you what is going on. At that point everything makes sense. I'm trying not to give anything away so details about the story won't be given here. I would suggest this movie to anyone who enjoys something different."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Yeah, I let my kid watch this show. And it's fine. It keeps him occupied for about twenty minutes, so I can try to relax. But if I am anywhere near the TV while it's playing, I pretty much want to kill myself. The songs, while occasionally creative, are brutal to listen to, at times. And once you've heard them, you will be singing them all day, whether you want to or not. So just be sure to press play and then clear the room."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is cute.  My daughter loved it when she was 1 to 3 years old and still asks for it occasionally now at 5.5.  The characters are cute.  Most kids adore animals of any kind and there are plenty with cute rescues...only thing for parents is the singing can be kind of annoying sometimes.  Just  let it in though.  Eeventually you'll be humming and singing the theme song all the time...or it will just play on a continuous reel in your mind while you're trying to fall asleep or typing a review on amazon!  That's the only catch."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Breaking Bad TV series is an outstanding piece of work from the cast and crew. Kudos to the director for making this one of the very best TV series that I have ever watched in my life. I rarely praise any TV drama but honestly this TV series is one of the most addicting series ever. The work is technically perfect! Everything is well done from acting to sound effects to storytelling. There is something for everyone in the household to watch and enjoy.Warning! After watching this series, you will find most other popular TV series dull and boring! I am confident that within less than 10 mins into the season 1 episode 1 show you will get addicted and cannot stop watching the series.Excellent! 5 Stars!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Sometimes you rewatch a show you liked when you were a teenager and you question the taste of your younger self. Not so with this show.Watching the show as an adult is a very different experience (I get all the jokes now, for one), and I'm very glad I decided to try it out. &#34;Daria&#34; is just as funny as it was when it was airing, but now it has an added air of nostalgia - the good kind, where you get to relive all the things you loved (and loved to hate) about the 90s in easily digestible 20ish minute chunks."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is much much better than I had ever hoped. It succeeds brilliantly on all aspects, from storytelling to acting, from direction to production, it is first rate. I had lost interest in the show during season two and had no real desire to watch season three but I saw the dvd and it was an impulse buy. I spent the last day watching the entire season and I was captivated. It is so rare for a science fiction show of this quality to be made anymore. It is truly one of the great seasons ever and, if the Emmys truly meant excellent in tv, the show would receive nominations all over the place.I should point out one person in particular, though I do not even know his name. The actor who plays Gaius Baltar is truly exceptional. It is worth watching just for his performance alone, but that is not to diminish all the other fine actors. There is not a weak performer in the whole season.An AMAZING season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I didn't watch the original TV program on Fox so I enjoyed watching the episodes on my Kindle. This is a well written and well acted drama. Facial and voice cues are used to determine if someone is lying. Cases involve a variety of situations so it is not repetitive. The mix of work and family in the show is enjoyable to watch. I would recommend Lie to Me to anyone who likes crime dramas. I realize that Fox cancelled Lie to Me due to low ratings. I don't remember seeing ads for the show so I wonder if they promoted it well enough."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Dr. Peter Van Dorn (Greg Bayan) has developed a nirvana drug for the brain that he is testing on live subjects. The FDA has shut him down. Meanwhile there are weird murders going on in town and Peter's daughter (Elizabeth Shevock) is being bullied by a cheerleader (Sarah East). A dumb doughnut eating cop (Joe Hansard) is investigating the whole thing.The film has high camp value. The dialouge is far better than the delivery. Initially the movie uses camera angles so you don't see the killer, but after a few kills they show the killer which most of us have figured out. In an effort to cover up the bad acting, worse special effects are used.Parental Guide: No f-bombs, sex, or nudity. Campy Sexual situations. Watch at your own risk."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "At first, the time-shifting and dual story line are a little confusing. What's going on here? Seems to be about two unrelated women whoo are finding love in the wrong places. Eventually, it all comes together, but not until the end. I didn't quite see it coming, either. I had to pause this a few times because I got bored and went off to do something else. It's not a very compelling story, despite the big-name cast. I did like the indie soundtrack which fit the lonely images of Mexico, southern California and Washington state very well."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I know everyone is whining around about the price for a shortened season, but let's face the facts, Season 4 was excellent even against tough expectations.  The humor was still buoyant and creative, and the storylines still had energy as the twists and turns stayed fresh.  Storylines were also craftily constructed to show parallels between characters, or wrapped together 2 or 3 seperate storylines, etc.After the slighest of let-downs in Season 3, Season 4 still shows the punch and zip of a fun and humorous mockumentary that's well edited."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Stargate Universe has a fine cast and fine acting.  The first season portrays the blowup of a planet and the hurried departure of an ancient starship from said planet with scientists and visitors aboard, and the troubles attendant on the Destiny because it has apparently been travelling a long time without any crew and therefore without any maintenance. Various solutions are found but there are also conflicts among the people aboard, since some are scientists, some military and some just folks.  It is a good beginning to the four-season journey.Linda Sheean"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I felt the first season was very dark and all the characters only seemed interested in thier own interest they didn't really care about the rest of the crew only whats in it for them.  The only real exception to that was the kid that solved the game he pretty much started out as a generally good guy that was always trying to look out for everyone's interest; I liked the final season much better as they started to turn this idea around and made everyone more concerned with the group and less concerned with themselfs."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Toni Collette (an Australian actress) does an amazing and convincing job of portraying multiple personalities \"alters\" in this dark comedy.  Toni \"Tara, Buck, Alice, & 'T'\" work alongside John Corbett fromMy Big Fat Greek Weddingas they navigate life and it's stressors.  The acting is superb and the direction and production keep the viewer coming back episode after episode.  This series is unique in that MPD or Dissociative identity disorder (DID) has never been approached before on television besides the old movie Sybil.  United States of Tara gives a much more realistic view of how a typical family might deal with this.It's dark, it's funny and I found myself watching episode after episode in almost one sitting.  Collette's portrayals are convincing and really debut her acting prowess.  For something different and oddly funny, try out this series.  With Steven Spielberg at the helm, the series really comes together."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season was good, but not up to par with previous seasons, partially because it was only 11 episodes long.Synopsis of the season: Jon Kavanaugh (Forest Whitaker) has been brought in to check on the Strike Team. He goes after Lem and tries to get him to turn on the rest of the team. The main story is basically the team trying to keep Lem out of jail. There's also some cameos of Anthony Anderson as Antwon Mitchell. Also, Danni is pregnant, Billings has become Captain, Julian is partnered with a new trainee, and Claudette and Dutch's relationship is strained due to a secret she is keeping from Dutch."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season 5 takes a turn with the introduction of Forest Whitaker as LT Jon Kavanaugh.  Prior to his departure, Kavanaugh had been tasked by Captain Aceveco to find the dirt on Vic.  Hellbent and determined, Kavanaugh does his best to do so.I don't know whether it was his character, his acting or the side story, but I didn't like the introduction of Kavanaugh to the series.  Sure, I believe many think the introduction may have been needed, but the subplot was often way too distracting."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was pleasantly surprised by this show.  I choose this show strictly because we were looking for a good series and Amazon offered it free for AmazonPrime members.  It is a really good show.  The main characters were well cast.  The only drawback for us was the music, which was way too loud.  So I had to turn the volume down now and then, between scenes.  It was a bit frustrating.  But the show is well worth your time.  It centers around a group of detectives in New York City.  All the quirks and faults of each detective was believeable.  I recommend this show.  Well worth your time to watch this.  I'm sorry there was only one season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I encourage everyone to see this movie, The Orphanage, this is incredible!!!!!! It gets you glued to the tv!!!!! Its just the best thriller movie and the director is fantastic!!!!!! DEFINITELY WORTH BUYING!!!!!! INCREDIBLE EXCELLENT FANTASTIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "After watching the first three seasons of 'Rescue Me' this season may disappoint some fans, it's still an excellent TV show, but they seemed to steer away from the firehouse banter that we've all become addicted to. The show is laced with wit, action and drama of the best kind. The cast is colorful with layers of deep emotion. After a long break I eagerly await season five! The show is filmed in widescreen and it looks great on a big screen. This season includes commentary and some interesting extras."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Tough, unvarnished, complicated, and that's just the Cops when they're NOT at work! This is an awesome show and how a Cop show should be done--like The Shield--complicated people doing an unbeliveable job that most of us wouldn't do, getting shot at and crapped on emotionally by the public . The best character by far is Michael Cudlitz (\"Bull\" from Band of Brothers)the street Cop who has seen too much, done too much, has no life apart from his job and is spiraling out of control in his personal life. This guy has nailed every role he's had since 'BoB', he is great in my opinion. Regina King is also wonderful as the tough detective with a 'do nothing' partner played by Tom Everet Scott. The stories are really well done and I immediately bought season II half way thru watching this. If you are a fan of The Wire, Law & Order, you will love this show I guarantee it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Backyardigans is a very innocent show for young children.  It lacks the subtle double entendre of some cartoons but it's good to have a resource that is just nice.  It is more than suitable for my littler guys and I never feel a need to monitor their viewing or censor any of it.  But the best part is the music.  I've never really thought of children's fare in terms of the music before but this shows what can be done in the right hands.  Perhaps it isn't for everyone, but my kids really enjoy singing along.  Bang up job, guys!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I found this movie just an okay movie because they all (the husband, the wife, and the mistress) all get robbed while heis trying to get away to Paris with his mistress..I guess this movie was suppose to be a comedy, however I did not see it that way.Its just your typical husband wants to leave wife because he's found someone else,but she does not want to turn him loose.  There is a terrible twist at the end of this movie,as the Husband who stayed with his wife are leaving town and he happens to pass by two of thefour people that held all three of them  captive.  I didn't know if this was a drama or a comedy.  I sincerely doubtI will ever watch this movie again because it was a really weird movie.  His mistress leaves and he stays with his wife andhas a baby together."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I give Season 4 of \"24\" four stars not rated relative to it's own normal standards, but in comparison to everything else on TV.Simply stated....... even during a weak season like Season 6, \"24\" is still better than most other crap on TV these days.In other words, even at it's worse, \"24\" is better than most modern shows at their best.So many other shows on TV have become simple one trick pony and non-stop sex joke one liners that they have no substance except the cheap laugh.No wonder we now watch very few modern shows outside Court TV crime shows and exist primarily on DVD collections of past shows like........ Cheers, Wings, Silk Stalkings, Seinfeld, etc..etc.."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I think Jericho has some great actors.  Unfortunately the story really isn't as great or as accurate as the writers want you to believe.All these cities have just been destroyed, and yet, more often than not, the people are remaining extremely calm in the small town, and actually having unrealistic conversations about what their future would be like involved in relationships and whatnot.If over 20 cities had been destroyed, setting my sights on my future would be the *last* thing I would be thinking about- just trying to survive should be important enough.  There should be more confusion and uncertainty going on in that small town more than anything else.  Not these emotional scenes that in real life would never happen.There's some nice twists from some of the main characters, but it is pretty hard keeping up with everything, and understanding what's going on can be a difficult enough task.  Still, it's not a bad show, but it's not the best, and it's kind of overrated."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show grows on you and will instantly become one of your favorites.  This season is the best by far.  The cast is amazing but of course the show is carried by the excellent performance of Kyra Sedgwick.  Wow.  To see Brenda lee Johnson working over a suspect to get a confession using her skill, creativity and intelligence is television at its best.This is the glue that holds the show together but this 3rd season also brought us more into Brenda's personal relationship with Fritz and also with her parents.  Both are very enjoyable, inventive aspects to add yet even more dimensions to the character that is Brenda Lee Johnson.The subjects are timely and very interesting.  All I can say is I watch this show on the edge of my seat and find it to be of the highest caliber compared to other shows out there."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This collection contains most of the Hope movies of the 1960s - some of which I saw when released in movie theaters. Unlike his earlier 'Road Shows' these movies are all in color and some have his side-kick Phyllis Diller. Only a couple are ones I consider sort of funny (I'll take Sweden & Boy did I get the Wrong Number). I got this collection because my husband is a Bob Hope fan. But, he watches these shows a lot less often than he does his 'Road to -- wherever shows. In fact there are a couple of this collection he has not yet watched."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you haven't seen the George C. Scott film, The Changeling, do so as soon as possible. Watch it with the lights off and no distractions, it will freak you out. The Orphanage is similar in pace and scares to that film. It's often what you don't see that scares you the most. Belen Rueda who plays the mother delivers a very strong performance and really holds the movie together. Worth seeing in theaters, even though some people failed to realize it was going to have subtitles and walked out. Don't people find out a little about a film before shelling out $10.00 to see it? I guess not."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is amazing. So many talented performers putting a great musical-comedy every week. Seems impossible to do. These actors and writers are the best in TV. I'm not into much current television, but this show surely brightens my evening. Everyone should give it a chance. You think this shows not for you? You're probably wrong. Haven't loved a program so much since Buffy went off the air. Instant classic. Up there with Buffy, Twin Peaks and a couple of other landmarks. Give it a shot."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Just, how screwed up can one family be?  This documentary seems to portray a fictional family, that is routinely involved with every degrading, unscrupulous, vindictive, vile, inhumane and disgusting trait that anyone can possess - but it's real!  You can't call this extended family &#34;the other half&#34; because &#34;the other half&#34; could never conceive of a lifestyle that barely hangs onto the threads of our collective humanity.  The Whites are, however, such an interesting and unusual mix that I was entertained, beyond belief.  I'm not particularly a Johnny Knoxville (Jackass Movies) fan but this documentary certainly kept my attention."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I really hate sponsor product placement in movies. The \"Degree\" body deodorant is all over the episode, I get it okay, you want me to buy some deodorant, I already do, but it just looks stupid when I am supposed to imagine that this is a real \"GD\" \"Eureka\" secret genius town, and then you remind me with your Walmart Deodorant advertising, its stupid and annoying. Why cant they just have a list of sponsors at the end of the episode for someone who actually gives damn?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My first Dr. Who was Tom Baker back in the 1980s. I watched every episode and even taped them to watch over and over.  When many years later I found the early ones I laughed because they were so silly and the technology was hysterical, cardboard, plastic tape, logic errors, and then I realized that they were made in the  1960s and were made for children.  Funny, I never thought of it as a children's show.  I was nearly 50 when I first watched and it grabbed me instantly!  So now I am over 80 and I still love it.  Even these funny old ones.  A truly wonderful show for any age."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My son got me watching this show and boy are they addictive.  We can watch 5-6 shows at a time.  The plots seem quite original.  Never a dull moment.  Love the characters.  Am trying to figure out what makes these so entertaining--original plots, realistic and unusual lead characters, pretty scenery, the narration--they educate the viewer about spy stuff while they entertain.  I think that's what sets them apart--the aspect of educating about spy work.  The humor is fun, too.  They're upbeat but not silly. The violence doesn't seem heavy.  You're happy to see the bad guys get their due.  A fresh, original series!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Little Bear and his friends - Owl, Duck, Cat, etc. are lovable and cute - the stories are engaging and make for fun viewing for little ones. Little Bear is one those kids' shows that you don't feel guilty letting your young child watch - it has good language, endearing characters that appeal to young children, and good production values without over-loud music and garish colors.The language is clean, and the characters, i.e. Little Bear and friends, are truly endearing. My daughter loved watching the episodes when she was three. This is a good production for young children, and a value buy. Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "A  nice change from typical TV and its brought back the musical in a sense.  Glee touches on all types of discriminations without focusing too much on the high school model.  In fact, the teachers are some of the best supporting characters, especially Sue Sylvester (who sometimes steals the show) a la Jane Lynch who first stood out for me in ROLE MODELS.  The creators tapped into Broadway stars to pull this one off and it worked.  The nice thing about the songs is that they don't stick to one decade.  In fact, they cover songs that all generations can remember them even if they're all updated.  This is arguably one of the hottest TV shows in several years and the visiting A list actors and actresses supports my stance.  MY GRADE: A minus to A."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "To start, I'd like to mention that this season is only 13 episodes, due to the writers' strike. That being said, I actually think it's still on par with the previous two seasons. Some say it seemed a little rushed but I actually think it may have been a bit too much to have an entire 22 or 23 episode season of breaking out of a prison in Panama that only has guards on the outside. They do a great job once again of keeping you on the edge of your seat with this one.A lot more is revealed about \"The Company\" and the massive conspiracy, and of course, Burrows and Scofield find themselves neck deep in it. Some old faces and new alike with Scofield continuing to outsmart pretty much everyone makes this another satisfying and addictive season of Prison Break."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I purchased the Go, Diego, Go! series for my granddaughter!  She watches it on our Kindle, and is very interactive with the stories.  As a toddler, she learns  problem solving skills, names of many animals, compassion for them as well.  She simply enjoys the music, action, and the vivid colors.  Go, Diego Go! is not only entertainment for your little ones, it's a learning process as well.  I would recommend it to all parents, grandparents who are looking for something special for their children! A thumbs up!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I never would have thought I would enjoy a show like this. WOW...what a show. Honestly, I could do without the foul language and the nudity and in most cases such would cause me to go elsewhere. But this show is one of the BEST crime drama's I've ever seen. The main character, Dexter Morgan, is one of the BEST lead characters ever. The supporting cast of characters (everyone from his sister to girlfriend(s) to the many police officers) are all excellent as well. But wow...the story is soo good! It just pulls you in and keeps you wanting more."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I would catch this on TV while late-night surfing from time to time. When it was available on Prime, I would turn it on as background while working on other things. I always got sucked into the drama and how crazy the moms were and how much money they put into clothes and make-up. I confess I watched every episode and felt miserably sorry for the kids in every one. If you don't mind the drama, it is entertaining in just the ridiculous-ness of it all."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "How often can you say that?  I'm usually happy with anything that's not Reality TV.  But this show leaves you craving more.  Even though the Second Season wraps up some of the answers of Charlie Crew's conspiracy theory, there are still a lot left.  I'm hoping NBC lets USA pick up a new person for their 'Characters Welcome' add.  I can't imagine not seeing this show for a few more seasons.  I would love to see Charlie and his first partner, Bobby, work together on some more cases.  And now that Shahi has had her baby, she can get back to work as Charlie's best partner, Dani.  Regardless, Season Two is great to watch over and over.  If you haven't got Season One yet, make it a dual purchase.  It's worth the money."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The movie was dark & depressing.Who wants to be depressed?I want to be entertained.The modified comic version was superior.It was well colored ... bright ... splashy ... in your face.I picked up more details about the movie.The comic version had the same plot, so don't think it's something else.There was a blatant ad for Black Freighter in the movie ... LOLTalk about ad placement.The only creepy part was the narrator doing female parts.Come on guys, spend $5 to get a hooker to read the parts.This is where Rorschach needs to come take care of the narrator.;)bundle of 2 = 2 DVD set"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I saw this show on amazon prime instant video list, checked it out and immediately got involved in the entire 4 seasons!!  Did some binge watching, to be honest...I really enjoyed this series, it was amusing in spots--esp. Hiro and Ando and their escapades!  Season 4 had potential but apparently the writers knew the ax was eminent and while there were good episodes, just wasn't up to par with the first 3 seasons--but I know you will want to watch it once you see the other shows!  It's good entertainment, for sure!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Episodes like \"TSST\" (the Dog Whisperer episode) and \"The Mystery of the Urinal Deuce\" (featuring the Hardly Boys) are funnier the second and third time around.  The show is uneven, sure, but basically an American treasure.  The real prizes in this season are the 2-parters, the \"Family Guy\" 2-parter and the \"Go God Go\" 2-parter featuring Cartman in the 25th Century.  If you haven't seen either of those, you've missed out on some of the best TV ever aired."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I thought this season was okay.It was still a cute romantic comedy/dramedy type of show.The problems that Gavin and Stacey faced were realistic.Although,they were handled in a ridiculous manner in some instances,it did not take anything away from the show.The last episode was a bit too predictable,but it tied in with the premise of the show and wasn't disappointing.I rated it a bit down for predictability,but then again,it is a comedy and we'll worth watching."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My household discovered this series about a month ago.  We'd never seen it when it was broadcast.  We found the cast, actors, and story lines interesting and, considering the relative age of the series, not dated.  Season 3 retained most of the original cast but added a few new ones.  Veronica is now in college but attends few classes.  She spends most of her time solving big and little problems for her friends.  If you like this type of TV you'll like Veronica Mars.  A side note:  Season 4 was planned, trailers produced, but never happened.  Season 4 trailers can be found online."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While the writers gave us a new enemy in the Ori it also felt a little redundant to do so somewhat since they already were notified that the series would end here. It felt like the writers were hoping that the backers and producers would renew the series for this new saga but after ten years it was time to give the series a decent finale and while you do get the finale it felt a little weak for what the series was.If you already have the other past seasons and for the price of this set I'd say go ahead and add it to your t.v. show collection while not on par with the past eight seasons it still has for the most part an intriguing story and cast to make you watch the season through to the end."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I enjoyed this third season more than the previous seasons. I found the acting and storyline much superior than previously. I like all the twists throughout the episodes, keeping one at the edge of his seat. Outguessing the plot can be difficult.  This season is also action packed, with every episode offering non-stop action. The way all the characters come together is also fascinating and remarkable, and their motives are unknown. Even the temporary break between Michael and Lincoln over the death of ****** (removed as not to spoil the story) was unexpected.The inmates inside Sona, the Panamanian prison from where Michael Scofield must escape, were very believable.  His escape attempts were well conceived and believable as well. The Panamanian landscape offered an exotic touch to the storyline, different from the maximum-security prison at Fox River.I really recommend this season, and can't wait for season four."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's too bad they didn't take this series further, because it was actually really well done.  It takes a much darker approach than the rest of the Stargate series, which I really liked.  It didn't try to be funny, but instead focused on the classic questions and sense of wonder that make sci-fi great.For those who liked the cheesy jokes and two-dimensional characters of the other Stargate series, this probably isn't for you, which is most likely why it was so short-lived.  For those who tolerated the other series but prefer something with a little more depth and intelligence, then this is the Stargate series for you.I enjoyed the complexity of the characters, who could be both villains and heroes and still maintain the lead roles.  I also enjoyed the constant suspense, sense of exploration, and the quest for ultimate understanding that drove the plot.  I guess when it comes to intelligent sci-fi on TV, getting cancelled is just destiny."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love this show. It is good in all the ways a series should be. However, it is a set piece and will likely bore the hell out of you if you watch with your i-whatever in your hand. Not for the millennial at heart; it's for the older set, for people who enjoy great acting, writing, directing, cinematography and a continental pace. Nobody is call anyone by a disgusting name, no one is going to make repeated bodily function jokes, and no one is going to insult your intelligence. So if you can stand not having those elements in your face for a change, this series is PERFECT. If you just HAVE to answer that last tweet, you twit,  then skip this one.I love it, I've watched it so much I can repeat the lines; I know what will happen and whodunit, and yet I and totally entertained every time, and I hope you will be too."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I had watched part of the first episode a while back but decided against it for one reason or another and then I forgot about it.  Recently I saw it come up again and decided to give it a second chance.  Am I ever glad I did.  I love this show!  I really like the format of it - the way the characters' actions and dialogue are set up.  Adding Alan Arkin to the cast was an excellent choice.  He's such a good actor as is the main character Charlie, played by Damian Lewis, who plays this insightful man who is so grateful for the simple things in life having been in prison for many years for a crime he did not commit.  Very refreshing!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Note: I saw all 12 episodes of Season I in HD via XFinity On Demand.This television series is, thank God, nothing like Gladiator, which depicted Romans carrying weapons in the Senate, which was strictly proscribed, and Romans wearing tattoos, which they despised on account of the barbarian nations they conquered who did wear them. The series does get some historical details right, and there may be facts which have been fudged up. The performances are first-rate, and the costumes and sets have been well-done.Be Warned: Contains graphic violence, female/male nudity & sexuality (in some episodes) and modern/Roman swear words."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This re-make of the classic series Bionic Woman is not as wretched as some would like to say. Overall it suffers from a slightly dull athmosphere, and it is true that the writing could have been tighter but the acting is rather good and the effects are first-rate even if they are somewhat in the background. So the story is quite simple, underachieving bartender Jamie Summers is almost killed during an accident and re-built by her experimental-surgeon boyfriend. Afterwards it is quite straightforward. But as I wrote it is not as bad as some other reviewers put it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "A bad episode of HIMYM is like a good episode of any other show. in other words, it's AMAZE-balls. I never turn it off because it's good medicine: laughter & stress relief.This show is my wrinkle cream (it pumps blood to my face and increases circulation to my wrinkles, slowing the aging process. Also, cranky people age faster: this is my scientific and medically sound theory). A few laugh lines are okay in exchange for general skin dewiness. Added Value: I'm less of a total behotch after I &#34;watch my show&#34; as the old people say. Everybody wins!Wow, does Ted sleep with a lot of women. I hope he is covered in a hazmat latex bodysuit with um, many spermicid-y chemicals."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I read the synopsis for this movie and it sounded somewhat intriging so decided to try it.  Luckily I'm a Prime member and this movie was FREE, which is always a good thing.  I was surprisingly entertained by the story line and the acting was excellent.  Character development was top notch.  The boy who plays Alex was a good little actor and he shines in his role.  I highly recommend this movie.  Even though it's a 'chick flick' for the most part, it shows how we are all imperfect people stuggling to find our place in the world and how our lives are improved by our caring for other people.  Enjoy!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "ER is the one and only Medical show that will stand out for all time. And N.B.C put there head up there butt one more time by giving it the boot. And trying to put some other Medical trash in it place( NBC).( New But More Crap). And they took off Law and Order. A flag ship show, just like ER. But that is ok. I will have all 15 seasons of ER very soon, like in a week. And I can start at season one and watch it all over again. 95% of the stuff on tv now is trash..Really no need for Cable now!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "good enough to watch / have on in the background. Would be 10 billion times better without the Max Headroom idiot (Matthew George \"Matt\" Frewer) (what kind of idiot named Matthew needs Matt w/in quotes w/in his name, now if his name was Matthew George \"the Dork\" Frewer it would all make sense). The guy has the worst fake Australian accent ever & is horrible trying to be crocodile Dundee. Luckily the dum dum is only in about 5% of the scenes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series starts with lots of explicit scenes of screwing -- and ends up being a fairly deep meditation on love and loyalty and family.David Duchovny plays a washed-up writer who drinks, snorts drugs and sleeps with anyone who will sleep with him (and apparently there are many) -- but harbors a deep and abiding love for his former partner, about to be married to another man, and their 12-year-old daughter.There are many funny scenes as the series develops and we also meet an interesting supporting cast. But the laughs and the sex scenes become fewer as the story unfolds and the Duchovny character's inner sadness and longing for permanent connection becomes the dominant theme.I found this series a rather effective critique on the emptiness of the fast-lane L.A. world the characters inhabit and of our insistence on eternal youth which inhibits people growing up to become true adults."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Monk's 8th and final is just as hilarious and entertaining as the previous seasons. Adrian Monk is still miserable and continues to help Captain Stottlemeyer and Disher with solving murders, with the help of his devoted Assistant, Natalie. Throughout this season, Monk serves as a bodyguard for his favorite actress, investigate a UFO sighting, goes undercover as a Mafia boss, celebrates his Birthday, receives a surprising visit from Sharona Fleming, and finally solves the murder of his wife, Trudy. It all comes down to this. I highly recommend MONK: SEASON EIGHT!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My wife and I rated this a four-star series. The makers of the series quickly roped you into the story line, and the actors were believable. There was a sufficient amount of action with an appropriate combination of heroes and villains. We got hooked on the series and spent a good portion of one weekend enjoying it. We finished the entire 20+ episode series in just a few days. Our only disappointment was there was only one full season and a very-abbreviated second season. That being said, we found this series to be very much worth the watch."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My husband and I really enjoy this show.  We like the mystery they solve, the many twists and turns in the plot, even the humor.  The lead character is quirky and even believable considering he survived 12 years in prison as a convicted cop.  His search for the &#34;real&#34; killers of the crime he was convicted for is very convoluted and involves his partner's father.  The production quality is very good.  Even though it is a crime show  (murder) , we don't feel depressed after watching.  It doesn't dwell on the gory.  I recommend this show.  Wish there were more episodes.  (We have been out of the country since 2007 so missed show when originally ran.)"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Outstanding 1st season!I loved this show!Brian Cranston was hands down \"phenomenal\" as Walter White and easily deserved his Emmy. Aaron Paul is awesome in his role as Jesse Pinkman, and all the other cast members seemed to be a perfect fit.I knew the show was good, because of all the rave reviews, but I was'nt expecting it to be this good! \"Breaking Bad\" Season 1 has a 5 star overall rating here on Amazon.Great writing, great timing and development of the characters. The storyline is dramatic, hilarious and keeps you watching. Just when you think the story is starting to slow down, they nail you with something big!I watch alot of TV seasons on DVD (The Shield, CSI, Rescue Me), because I work at night. I haven't seen a show in its 1st season that was this good, since \"Dexter Sea. 1\"!The only bad part about this show, was that the 1st season was only 7 episodes! Looking forward to the next season already!Highly, highly recommended!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The Riches is one of the most original series ever with characters who are complex and intriguing. Each episode holds you captive as Wayne (Eddie Izzard) and Dahlia Malloy (Minnie Driver) strive to impersonate the Rich family, an immense challenge with their lack of education and experience.This is a series where you never know what is going to happen next or how Wayne is going keep it all together but the love that Wayne and Dahlia have for each other and their children always help them to find a way.Izzard and Driver are simply eloquent. Noel Fisher (Cael), Shannon Marie Woodwood (DiDi) and Aidan Mitchel (Sam) are genuine in their roles as the three Malloy children.I can't wait for this to come out on dvd!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I remember when I first started watching this show in 2009 and, even though I&#34;m not a kid, I thought it was so funny! It&#34;s too bad that Nickolodeon ended iCarly in November 2012! So I decided to buy it on DVD! I&#34;m waiting for the last two Seasons to come out on DVD! Let&#34;s see there is, of course, Carly Shay, Spenser Shay, her crazy way out there Artist brother, Freddie, the guy is crazy about Carly, Sam Pucket, played by Jennette McCurdy, There are a host of other characters on the show, too, like, Gibby( Gib-bbah!), who they are all over on their Internet online show &#34;iCarly&#34;. I do recommend this show very highly and I still say Nick made a big mistake ending this show like they did....there should, at least, be a follow-up movie! So, with that, let me have front row seat and my bag of popcorn, I&#34;m watching &#34;iCarly Season 2&#34;."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Although I would call myself a sci-fi buff I truly enjoy a show that challenges our mindset.  Years ago (probably 58 yrs.) a comic strip had a detective-Dick Tracy- with a wrist watch that was also a camera and a communication device.  I have lived long enough to see something similar to it come to life.  Long before the first spaceship went into orbit Flash Gordon another comic hero was circling the distant planets in a spaceship.  Sci-Fi for many is boring for me I enjoy seeing the imagination of men/women become reality."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My family was addicted from the first episode!  The writing is so clever, crisp and unique.  The acting catches you up and doesn't let you go.  We would sit down saying that we were only going to watch one episode and end up watching three!  Time flies by and you are completely caught up in a story about an over-qualified high school chemistry teacher who gets a death sentence (lung cancer) and decides to cook and sell meth to make enough money to provide for his pregnant wife and his 15 year-old son who has muscular dystrophy.  When I heard that description of this series, I was under-whelmed and avoided watching it until the final season was set to begin...but my daughter talked us into it.  THANK GOODNESS SHE DID!  It is one of the BEST series I've ever seen on TV.  I highly recommend it!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "so i truly enjoyed the first two seasons of Battlestar...truly awesome, military sci/fi show, insane sets, great plot, good acting and those Cylons. all great....the end of season two had some difficulties. alot ALOT less action and more crying. lots of crying. lots of drama. lots of forgetting the entire purpose of the show.season three is where ive ended my battlestar lust....i truly cant take Starbuck anymore, whiny brat...could care less about her romantic interests nor her false bravado.entire spisodes went by with nary a mention of the Cylons.....which, lets be honest...is the best thing about the show.it seems they lost focus or they changed course to appeal to the more 'dramatic' aspects while shelving the 'sci/fi' alltogether.terrible mistake.... i fear season three is when i say frack off Battlestar....you had a AMAZING thing going."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you enjoyed Season 1 of Hyacinth and her attempts to impress all her friends and acquaintances, then you will also enjoy Season 2.  Brother- in-law Onslow and sisters Daisy and Rose keep popping up just in time to overturn Hyacinth and Richard's dinner party plans or a visit to a nobleman' s estate. Neighbors, the milkman, and and the postman also try their best to avoid Hyacinth, but can't quite seem to sneak by her house without running into her and getting a lecture on having cleaner shoes, better milk bottles, finding lost mail, etc. Of course, having her 90 year old \"Daddy\" thinking he needs to protect the area from imaginary bomb attacks doesn't help Hyacinth in her quest to be the best hostess either. Enjoy another fun filled season!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This movie continues Murphy's niche of kid-friendly movies.  A lot of the scripted humor will make the kids laugh at loud, along with Murphy's ad-libs which are indeed funny.  However, the premise / plot of the movie is very predictable and adults in the room will absolutely groan and roll their eyes (that's what happened at my house).If you're looking for a movie to entertain late elementary / early middle school kids this one will be a winner - adults, not so much."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I had recently watched the series on Amazon and sound this movie did a wonderful job catching up on a series that was cancelled without time for an ending-with a few exceptions-you can only do so much in an hour and a half. It was like going to a reunion. Veronica's dialogue was witty as usual. I had read a review that stated this movie ending could lead to another sequel or perhaps to brining the series back. I vote for brining the series back with a grown-up VM and friends.Rob Thomas proved that a movie can be made well with a smaller budget.James Franco, Justin Long and Dax Shepard all have cameos-James' does a great job making fun of himself."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "You got to love Leverage!This show is a modern day Mission Impossible (Mission Impossible: The Sixth TV Seasonis the current release of the classic show). The team plays these caper straight but there are so many laughes and twists of the tale.Timothy Hutton channels his inner Jim Phelips as Nat Ford, The mastermind of the operation. Gina Bellamn as the grifter Sophie Devereaux who can steal your heart as well as your wallet. Beth Riesgraf is Parker , Who channels her inner Alexander Mundy (It Takes a Thief). Christian Kane plays Elliott Spencer , the hitter , who is brain and well as muscle but cannot work a computer. To roound out the cast is Aldis Hodge as Hardison, the hacker who can find a file in the world wide web.Those who love caper movies this show is like a mini in 50 minutes.Always remember as you watch this show that the best Good guy is a bad guyBennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORLD"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Monk's 7th is just as hilarious and entertaining as the previous seasons. Adrian Monk is still miserable and continues to help Captain Stottlemeyer and Disher with solving murders, with the help of his devoted Assistant, Natalie. Monk is forced to find a new therapist because Dr. Kroger has died. Throughout this season Monk matches wits with a chess player, helps a boxer, gets stuck on a submarine underwater, meets his other brother, fights City Hall, and much more. I highly recommend MONK: SEASON SEVEN!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "interesting from the start. i am not typcially a fan of any sort of cop show, but this one was so good i cannot wait for the next episode. bought the season pass before it was even half over.the writing here is particularly good for network tv. this show could easily have been on hbo. i just hope nbc doesnt drop the ball on this one. judging from the rest of the slate available so far, this is the only one that isnt insulting and stupid. indeed its grand, nuanced and wonderful. and as i said, very very smert."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Glee: Season 1\" is an exceptional show. \"Glee\" is a high school drama, soap opera, and comedy about the agony and the ecstasy of being a teenager, with great music. Although the show has rapid fire broad comedy and classic pop songs, at its core is a group of sympathetic misfits that pull on your heartstrings. \"Glee\" is closer to being \"Freaks & Geeks\" than it is \"The O.C.\". Though there is a lot of soap opera melodrama, like \"Ugly Betty\", this is no vacuous teen drama about pretty rich kids, but neither is it a fringe curiosity. \"Glee\" is about kids on the outside looking to be part of something that they enjoy, and it's very enjoyable to watch them strive. Reviewed after watching all episodes as they first aired and then again on blu-ray."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I have never really seen many of these episodes but have heard they were really good, and since prime offered I decided what the heck lets see what the fuss is all about. Well I am now on Season 2 and I absolutely love watching it. Jax is a hottie and can make you drool, for sure. LOL I grew up with my step father in a similar atmosphere so watching these brought many memories from my childhood back, both good and bad. Just make sure you don't let the little people watch this, it can be a bit harsh."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Hi folks, you may be wondering if I'm Martin Sheen.. well I'm not. Turns out i'm his vastly more talented yet less appreciated brother, thank you.\" The Satellite of Love is malfunctioning while Mike & the bots unwittingly celebrate the 10th anniversary of MST3K. Joel & TV's Frank show up to help as they watch another Joe Estevez film... The Tonya Harding-ish Vivian Schilling writes & stars this 80's train-wreck about wearing your sunglasses (and acid washed jeans) at night while running from Soultakers."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Episodes include one on sex addiction, the boys writing dirty books interpreted by 'sophisticates' as having deep meanings, and Tom Cruise flying into a snit over being called a 'fudge packer' while working in a factory packing fudge. The supposed 'highlight' involves a continuation of the Cruise theme involving other movie stars - all attempting to obtain Mohammad's supposed immunity from criticism. The sequel is lame, and heavily censored for obvious potential terrorism reasons. (It's a shame Comedy Central felt the need to censor that episode, but understandable given the times we live in.) Regardless, in the middle of the latter we also learn that Cartman's dad was a Denver Bronco."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I loved this season of 24. I loved almost everything about it, even the death scenes. I felt like nobody was safe, and anybody could die! I especially loved the episode where everyone is trapped in C.T.U. with the nerve gas everywhere. I also loved the surprise ending with Jack being taken hostage by the Chinese who were still after Jack from season 4. I highly recommend this season to all fans of 24. And I just saw the season six trailer. I've watched it over three times and I can't wait."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I'd seen this title around, but never paid attention until I was recently ill.  Tired of reading, and not a TV-watcher, I decided to take a chance and figured I wouldn't make it past the pilot.  What a surprise!  Very impressed with the acting, writing, creative plot lines, sets, music, and overall fun of it.  I smiled at the reviewer who stayed up all night to watch the entire first season as I can relate.  Sometimes, when you're sick, you have no choice and this is an entertaining way to pass the time.  I will definitely be watching Season 2, although at a more moderate pace."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "As I wrote in my review of season one, season two was going to make or break Sanctuary. And it broke.Only watched the DVD set, so perhaps if I had spaced it out a bit, it might not have been so bad. Ms Tapping's acting ability failed to come to work with her, effects didn't improve (in some cases were worse), the werewolf guy is still a miscast (it shows more in this season). And just before I started writing this, I see there's a season three!?! Poor sci-fi/fantasy fans. There's so little really good stuff to watch, that some of us will take anything.No more Sanctuary for me. Ever. No surprise amazon has season two \"on sale\"."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "At first I kinda felt the 3rd season of Prison Break started off a little stale.  Then by the third episode I was hooked as usual.  You got Scofield dumped in the most horrific prison known to man.  You got Bellick walking around half-naked lookin' like something the cat dragged in, after it threw it up.  Mahone is going through some serious withdrawal issues.  And Linc on the outside pretty much clueless.  My boy Sucre is still hangin' around dedicated to Michael for all he's done.  T-Bag continues his menacing wrath. Newcomers, Whistler and Lechero and the vicious Gretchen a.k.a Susan B. make for some very interesting storylines.  I agree that that daggone writer's strike did make this season seems rushed.  It's all worth it though to see Wentworth Miller all hot and sweaty between a rock and a hard place."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While this series hasn't reached the level as its predecessor overall the series does grow in entertainment and quality per episode, especially as we get some screen time with some of the other background characters in the series as well.  While the Wraith remain the primary enemy on the series we also get some intrusion from past enemies as well from G'aould to the Replicators as well as some cameo time from some of the SG1 team members too.  While Shepard is no Jack O'Neill he has started getting his own personality it seems that fits the series well and while the super model leader Teyla still feels unneeded she has become somewhat less annoying in the series as well.  If you have the Stargate series I say for the price these sets are going for that it's a pretty good bargain to add the five seasons of Stargate Atlantis to the shelf as well...."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "In the pilot, the look and feel of this show does for the Bionic Woman, what they did for Battlestar on the Sci-Fi channel( if not quite as gritty). Where as the original was just silly, this seems (so far) as a well thought out story, with people that we may come to care about for (good or ill).The subplots, of Jamie's reletionships with her sister, and evil crazy counterpart, for me (at least so far) make for good drama.They've got my interest, I just hope the show lives up to the pilot."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The Empires series &#34;Kingdom of David&#34; did a great job at &#34;connecting the dots&#34; by filling in the information explaining how the Jewish people got from the biblical account of their nation to what we see as the practice of Judaism today. People who study the Bible must wonder how the Jews came from the temple service to the present practice of the Synagogue. The series treated this part of Jewish history very well. Rather than taking an &#34;events & dates&#34; approach, the producers blended the historical account with the religious and philosophical development of the Jewish people. I found this a great help in better understanding this fascinating culture."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "All my favourite television shows suffered greatly from the Writer's Strike. Not here. Supernatural Season Three has some of the best episodes yet. The groundhog day episode, the lucky rabbit's foot, the witch coven. the sixteen episodes are more solid a season that most can do with a full 22 episode season. All in all, it is vastly superior when compared to the previous seasons.The producers included a bit more than the standard fare of special features, more to help fatten the DVD load. There was almost no need for this, given the character growth and the strength of the metaplot. We still have 5.1 audio tracks and the CGI is a heck of a lot better.The season ramps up with a finale that we've seen coming for a year. And in the end we are left wondering just how the hell this show can keep going. But in fact, it does. And it's storytelling at its best."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Amid the current crop of slasherly, hyperviolent horror films, \"The Orphanage,\" from Spanish director Juan Antonio Bayona, stands out as an artful, restrained gem of the genre. The movie is driven by plot, personality, fine acting and gorgeous cinematography.  Although many elements are familiar (with wisps of \"The Shining,\" \"The Devil's Backbone,\" and numerous other classics...) the film still feels fresh.  Lead actor Belen Rueda's turn as a mother fighting to get her child back from the grip of supernatural forces is a powerful performance; indeed, everything about this film is well-crafted and intelligently assembled. Worth checking out!  (Joe Sixpack, Slipcue film reviews)"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This movie is a reminder of what kindness, love, and patience can do for a family and a community. On the surface, It may seem to present a way of solving today's complex problems in simplistic terms. However, children who have been abandoned by the adults who were supposed to give them a sense of security and unconditional love need someone's patience, kindness, and love, as well as a sense of fairness or justice, just as much today as when this film was made. Each of the foster parents in this film demonstrated the qualities I mentioned, and then some. Good for them! And, watching the film reminded me that there is always more we can all do to help lift children above the harsh negatives of this world."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "From the bleak, broken world with its tiny personal living spaces and small pleasures, to the twisted plot that our character finds himself drawn into, this little gem is well worth your time. The animation is as strange and intriguing as the picture on the front, with realistic over-sized faces attached to inadequate bodies. The main character's deadpan acting adds a sublime sense of resignation to this futuristic view of life under corporate control. How interesting that this viewing coincides with the corporate destruction taking place off the coast of my state in the Gulf of Mexico. Seeing the power of a huge corporation first hand makes Metropia seem all the more possible."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This season has the 2 biggest badasses in survivor history, Ozzy and James. They may be not the most strategic players and both get played by Parvati. Parvati is a pretty good player but not the best. She gets lucky that all the fans on the jury are obsessed with her. Amanda deserves to win the game. The fans are pretty worthless except Erik who is a pretty good player. Erik gets duped at a point and makes one of the dumbest move in survivor history. There are some early exits that are pretty disappointing. Ozzy finds an hidden immunity idol and replaces it with a stick and one of the fans finds it and thinks its the real idol."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While with the introduction of Sam Carter from Sg1 helps boost the fanbase and ratings for the series overall the series has reached a decent peak in its entertainment and sci-fi value for many sci-fan fans of this series and others.  While it came as no surprise it did feel a little unneeded to make a formal couple out Shepard and Teyla but oh well, also it's nice to see that the writers have allowed the side characters to have their own romantic relationships in the series too.  While we still have the Wraith and Replicators in the series they haven't seemed as much the viable threat they were made out to be in the previous seasons or series though they still are a threat.  The season shows the strong point of the series until the final season which sadly concludes this growing but sadly stumped series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I'll be completely honest, this season is absolutely awesome, I don't care what anyone else says. Every season of this show has been exciting and it has been almost impossible to stop watching.Season 4 is charged with heavy emotions. The events since season 1 are finally taking their toll, especially with Scofield who is a good person at heart but blames himself for so many of the things that have gone wrong. Burrows gets to be even more of a bad-@$$ and is obviously done playing games. Things never get dull or boring in this season.The unfortunate thing about this season is that it's the last one. Fortunately, they releasedPrison Break: The Final Breakto bring things to a close. This is definitely one of my all time favorite shows."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season 3 of this series has long been viewed as the weakest, but looking back, it has some of the best episodes of the show's six-year run (so far). Fans may miss the intensity of the Yellowed Eyed Demon that taunted the Winchesters in Seasons 1 and 2, but the writers more than make up for it with new ideas, humor and reflections on the show's past. \"Mystery Spot\" and \"A Very Supernatural Christmas\" rank among the best things ever for Supernatural fans, so check this one out knowing that the writer's strike muted what may have been a great season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"Damages\" is that kind of show that has you on the edge of your seat  completely confused as to what is going to happen next and in utter surprise when you discover each piece of the truth. It was one of the best shows of last season without a doubt. The show centered around Ellen (Byrne), who begins to work in the lawfirm of Patty Hewes (Glenn Close) who is a ruthless, self-serving and completely unpredictable lawyer. She focuses her work on a class action lawsuit against Arthur Frobisher (amazingly played by Danson) for insider trading. The first scene of the first episode shows Ellen running half naked in a raicoat covered in blood in the streets of New York. In each episode we discover a new piece of the puzzle and the events that led to that first scene. The past/present technique is masterfully used making each viewer very involved in solving the mystery. The performance of actors is excellent and the show is amazing. Damages is truly a great show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've loved HOUSE since its inception for the most obvious reason: Hugh Laurie. This season decided to sidestep a little and really take some time to highlight the supporting characters. The moments of the series that give me the most consistent pleasure are the moments with Laurie interacting with Robert Sean Leonard and Lisa Edelstein. Those scenes are attacked with gusto and a great deal of humor. The \"medical mysteries\" are slightly more edgy than your usual doctor drama, but don't really add to what makes the show great as often as they could. I will close this review by saying that the season finale is one of the most tragic episodes of television ever. I was sobbing like a little girl who skins her knee while finding out her puppy just ran away from home at the same time she found out that Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny don't exist. I found it very difficult to stop crying for several minutes AFTER the show was over!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I thoroughly enjoyed this show.  Enjoyed the Braverman family.  A must to see.I saw all 4 seasons and hope there will be a Season 5.  Season 4 was a tear jerker, but so real and the acting was excellent.  I am going to watch it again....you just fall in love with the Braverman family.  They are a close knit family even though every family member have issues....loved the tv show.  Hope it will return with a season 5.  Fell in love with Max, and loved Kristina, Crosby and Jasmine, Adam is great, all the actors and in their roles was simply wonderful....."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "We got to see the darkness that lurks in Charlie come very close to the surface in this season. When his friend asks him in the early part of the show, \"What do you want, Charlie?\" and says, just standing there with his arms at his sides, \" A peaceful soul.\" I knew that this show would not disappoint me.I miss this show. I look at what is on these days and the best I can say, while pretty good (Burn Notice, Lie to Me, Doctor Who), they all lack the dark whimsy that was a vital part of Crewes' journey."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The only \"bang\" in this series for me was the sound of my remote hitting the television screen in disgust. My bad, I bought into all the rave reviews for this abysmal, Erkel-ized comedy.Throw glasses onto Johnny Galecki and it STILL doesn't make him funny. (His casting as the weirdo, brooding idiot on Roseanne I always found strange, too.) Are people finding this \"cute\"? \"Smart\"? All I can say if I am over 50% similar to you, do yourself a favor and find some quality TV sitcom reruns to scratch your comedy itch. This will having you banging your head against the wall."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Take a dozen or so everyday people,  throw them out into the wild (in this case Alaska), with some survival orientation, and see how they do. Being outdoor people ourselves, we found this series very addictive. It really comes down to who has the will to survive, although what body type you have is also definitely a factor. The survivors really do become family and depend on each other to make it from day to day. Every day they need to find the basics for survival- shelter, water, food, fire/warmth. These are no longer a &#34;given&#34; as they are in their normal lives, and as time goes on the constant struggle takes a toll.  A neat show- can't wait to see season 2."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Best show of this type I have ever enjoyed.  To bad the geniuses at Fox tv cancelled it.  Though such an off the grid Unit, if it existed could be a very dangerous tool in the wrong hands , I love the show.I would like to think there is a part of the Delta Force or the navy Seals out there somewhere that operates this way.  However since the Tragedy of Benghazi  occurred the way it did , with politicians and political motives taking priority over protecting American lives , I doubt seriously if there is such a Team that serves up some justice,  Unless it benefits  some politician."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Some spoilers......This show remains as dark, gripping, and challenging as ever.  The Cylon rebels break away from the others, while the humans still struggle with the fact that any one of them could be revealed to be a Cylon--at any time.  The cast gives powerful performances all around, and the revelation to Adama by a certain person was wrenching to watch.  Olmos showed the anguish and shock that any one of us would feel upon learning that a trusted confidante was never a human at all.Richard Hatch, from the original series, is great with his delivery and timing.  He should be given more employment.  James Callis as Baltar leads us into uncharted territory as he becomes a religious cult leader, while Mary McDonnell shows how hard it is to maintain grace and hope while battling cancer.Then they get where they wanted to go, and....oh, I can't tell you, but of course they had to leave us hanging there!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I greatly admire Dame Agatha Christie and her wonderful work with the amateur detective genre but can take Poirot only in small doses. That being said, David Suchet and the wonderful actors in this series make it sparkle. I always think Suchet makes the obsessive-compulsive personality well-defined and am glad too that another wonderful actor Tony  Shaloub did the character in &#34;Monk&#34; that humanizes the condition. The realization that every person with such personality traits is not insufferable is nice. But Poirot's character really fits the period of the writing well and Suchet is brilliant. The episodes seem to me faithful to the stories and the era is captured with amazing detail in sets and wardrobe. It strikes me as a truly professional labor of love. I enjoy watching the series but this is a series where more than one episode at a sitting becomes cloying for me. I can appreciate it more in smaller doses."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Everything about the first season of Damages was superb, the writing, the acting, the story line.  It was interesting to see Ellen's character slowly begin to change from the innocent, trusting young lawyer, to the suspicious character portrayed by Glen Close.  The show really is all about trust.  The key line that sums up the entire season is spoken by Close's character Patty Hewes, &#34;Trust no one.&#34;  Not exactly a great message to instill in people, but it works well in a TV drama about lawyers.  Other than Ellen and her boyfriend David there really aren't many characters in this show worth admiring.  Everyone is lying to everyone, which makes it difficult at times to figure out what is really going on, but as the old saying goes, &#34;The truth has a way of rising to the surface,&#34; and all lies are revealed.  All in all, great show.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Okay, I admit it...I look at accidents on the highway and I watched the full first season of Californication.First, it's completely \"overbaked\" including the annoying theme tune...and I watched it anyway. Second, it's completely formulaic right down to the required-for-cable sprinklings of T&A...and; I watched it anyway. The Sex in the City-esque voiceovers - both with and without the typing on the computer - was a hurlfest for me...and I watched it anyway.If I hadn't lived in LA myself and hadn't known more than one guy like Duchovny's character maybe I wouldn't have been sucked in, but alas, I was. Maybe there's some backward-masking or some subliminal messaging that got me through this. I'm not proud to say it, but I watched it and it's okay. Not great IMHO, but okay."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "An excellent ensemble cast.  Damien Lewis is magnificent.  When this became available through Amazon Prime, I rabidly devoured an episode...and then another...and then all of a sudden, Season 1 was over and I wondered at how deeply engrossed I became in Charlie's story and how much I had grown to care about him and his partner, Danni.  So now I was craving to know even more of Charlie Crews, et al. An excellent ensemble cast.  Damien Lewis is magnificent.  Now it on to season two."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "More terrific mysteries featuring Hercule Poirot (David Suchet), three feature length movies on three disks.  The first concerns a series of murders seemingly unrelated but for the alphabetical order of the victim's names.  Hastings returns from a trip just in time to help his friend solve the case (\"what does a madman look like?\").  My favorite scene shows the two men in Poirot's kitchen washing dishes.The second mystery involves several flights Poirot would rather not take, a blackmailer, and too many suspects with perfect alibis (\"I didn't know she was going to be murdered.\").The third mystery is a heady mixture of confusion when too many seemingly insignificant people are murdered.I can't get enough of these excellent productions.  I feel obligated to watch them all in one sitting."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you haven't watched any of the Supernatural shows you are missing out on a great show! This show rocks! I really hope they don't end the show after 5 seasons like the creator keeps saying he's going to do. You can keep supernatural stuff going forever! I get the magazine which I highly recommend too. You learn a lot of stuff about the actors and what's going on with the show in the book. Also has some hot posters too. The music for the show is always awesome! I wish they could get a soundtrack out if they haven't already. I know there were some problems with that in reading the magazine. We can only hope. Once again..I highly recommend this show..you will not be disappointed!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "After viewing Season One of Life, I immediately went back out on Amazon and purchased Season Two. Great intelligent entertainment - sometimes dark, sometimes funny, sometimes darkly funny.  Damian Lewis is the perfect Charlie.  And I've been an Adam Arkin fan since first seeing him on West Wing, so it was good to see him in a meatier role, one which gave room to show more of his fine talent.I'm stingy with stars, so four stars is very good, per my rating system.  A bit more edge would have earned five stars from me."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This was a good show but thanks to the inconsistancy of the writers it lasted only four seasons.  The final season, to me, started to bring back some of the excitement and overall feel of the first season, which is easily the best IMO.  I could've done without the whole 'Sylar possessing Matt' garbage, because it was among the inconsistant writing and way too drawn out, but otherwise a pretty good ending.  Besides, if you already have the other seasons, you might as well get this one."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My daughter and I struggled all the way through this  . . . movie. It was almost impossible to understand the dialogue. We had to look up the summary online to even know what was going on. We spent a good part of the time saying to each other, &#34;What did he/she say?&#34; I love movies with character and plot development; but if this movie had those, I must have missed it. We dismissed the review that said it was boring - need four more words - boring, boring, boring, boring. They were so right. The only good part that was noted was Colin Farrell's lovely accent. If only the movie had had a good sound engineer!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I just can't get enough of this series. He is so intelligent as is Sergeant Lewis his assisting officer. They have so much humanity and the underlying kindness and dignity they bring to the job is wonderful to watch. I also love the frequent classical music and the scenery is also wonderful. Taking place in Oxford makes it interesting to watch. The snobbery of some of the locals adds to the tension at times, but that car he drives....now I would love to sink into those leather seats just once for a spin through the coutnryside! Yes, Morse is the best. Morse is single and gives Lewis frequent problems as Lewis is married with two children. He has to really juggle the life to try to get home to the family. Often his personal dedication gets in the way as he too becomes obssesed with solving the crime. He is learning so much from Morse. He has even grown fond of the music which he once hated. Every season is worth watching."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am an old fan of the original series that first started watching in the mid to late 70's in the USA. I was heartbroken when the Doctor Who series was taken off the air for good back in the late 80's. My  children were starting to grow up with it by then. I was never able to see the Movie made in the 90's to bring it back but . . . have not been at all disappointed by this re-introductions to the series. The second session is just as much a hit as the first with me. A new Doctor with a new persona but with all the &#34;old&#34; to go with it. Whether this is the first time you have watched Doctor Who or you are an old fan like me, you will be swept away by the &#34;Mad Man in the Blue Box.&#34;"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While not 100 percent  historically accurate The Tudors does a good job at telling what life was like in the court of Henry VIII played brilliantly by Jonathan Rhys-Meyers.The story starts several years after Henry becomes King and goes through everything from the Field of Cloth and Gold, the various plots against the French and Spanish, the birth of Henry Fitzroy (the Kings illegitimate son) and much more.Most of the story centers on Henry's marriage to Catherine of Aragon and his increasing love affair with Anne Boleyn and which led him to cast Catherine off and break with the Church of Rome to marry Anne.The cast is very good. And while it is not 100 percent accurate the acting, scenery, and costumes make up for it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "With Season 6 we find Shane in a conundrum over happenings from Season 5.  To make matters worse, Shane and Vic are at odds.The writing is still tight but the camaraderie between the Strike Team is very, VERY loose.  In the end, Vic and Aceveda form an alliance that benefits each other -- for the time being.Even though at this point the series has run the gamut and is heading for an end, it is still 'must see' viewing.  Like a soap opera of life unfolding in front of your face, The Shield and Farmington Division are part of an effort for FX to provide very sharp work to the masses.Great job to those folks who were believers of the network before it had a chance to fold."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I didn't know what to expect with this remake, but I was totally impressed with the feel of it.  The casting was perfect!  The story was \"classic trek\" which should make any fan of the original television series more than pleased.  There were a few odd additions  (like the quirky relationship between Uhura and Spock, the fate of Spock's mother, and the ultimate demise of the Romulan villain) that didn't gel with what I remembered from the original, but hopefully if this remake kick-starts a new resurgence of sequels, these odd additions may evolve and/or be explained in later movies.Overall, this is an awesome remake amidst a dismal gallery of very bad ones in a variety of genres.  They got it so right... thank goodness!  Enjoy and of course, Live Long and Prosper!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "this is the exact type of garbage which sends tv viewers like me away from the networks in general and nbc in particular away in DROVES.the creators of this show dont seem to know the difference between nerdy and prissy-effeminate. one character looks like a guy in a clown suit and the other is a recycled version of niles crane from frasier.the characers are retarded and this sitcom belongs in 1982 right between hello larry and the facts of life.the most offensive thing is the laughtrack which screams at you from almost the first moment.this show is an absolute insult to the viewer will be taught as an example of what not to do with a sitcom. the idea might have been a cool one if it wasnt written in giant crayons.if they are going for the youth demo with this one, people need to be fired."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This 3d feature looks stunning on blu ray 3d. It was of course a 45 minute 3max show that is a nature program. The one star ratings on this are by people who don't understand what underwater 3d is about. IN fact 3d is often used just for depth and not for things coming out at you.  GET OVER THIS IDEA.  Jim carrey makes a whimsical narrator on this one and he's clearly enjoying his job!. The show like all modern nature shows gives a glimpse of the vanishing ocean vistas that man is destroying.  If you don't like short nature programs then don't buy imax blu ray shows. If you do this is a good underwater one. THere was only one scene where my 3d went double vision on me, some releases do that much more. So all and all this is a good one for nature lovers who want some depth to the picture."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Warning: Robin Williams does frontal, but barely.  He hooks the viewer up in \"The Fisher King\" much, much more than here.  So don't see the film just for that reason.This film grew on me as it progressed.  I think earlier I didn't like it due to Daryl Sabara's character.  However, the actor probably made a great decision choosing this role as it moves him away from \"Spy Kids\"-typecasting.  That's like the Harry Potter dude doing \"Equus.\"  Once the annoying character is no longer present, the film really gets good.This film is about \"creating a monster,\" in Frankenstein fashion.  It also touches upon the controversies started by James Frey and his ilk.  I love the way one character acts in a Poe-esque, \"Telltale Heart\" fashion.Again, keep watching it and you'll enjoy it more.  I have new respect for both Williams and Goldthwait."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am a big Law & Order Fan, loved the connection of Bobby * Emmes , and the other role players that followed. Jeff Goldblum , a few Captain changes but the strong writing and Dick Wolf who is still going strong with a new series based on real DA's . I was sad to see the CI series end , SVU still in production with major role changes and lets not forget the original 20 seasons of Law & Order which is my next purchase. Great to have in your library. You can watch them over and over a catch something you missed. Well Done great that Amazon has them available."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a great tv series with well developed characters andbevy of interesting stories.  I have watched each season on dvd andseason 3 is as good as the first two.  Even if it's a shorter one due to the writers strikes.  One of the main reasons to watch this show is theromantic tension between the two lead characters. The show reminds me of C.S.I but it really delves into the personal lives of the characters.  It would be great to see more of this with the Booth and Cam characters aswell. There isn't a bad episode in this season either.  I can't understand the low ratings that some people gave for such a well made and entertaining show. And you don't need to start at season 1 to enjoy season 3 at all.  So if you are into a great  crime procedural show with great characters and fine acting then this one is for you."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Is it possible?  I love this character!  Maybe because of my childhood fascination with Nancy Drew and this is her come to life in the modern age, maybe because this is the chic I wish I were with the feisty and the smarts and the always getting her man (or lady criminal).  I don't know, all I can say is yes, thank you, more please!  Thrilled for the movie and I really hope we can get a new movie every couple of years, even made for TV.  Keep Veronica Mars alive!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is just one of the best 'supernatural' aka horror related shows of all time. It's got lots of humor and this season; while it's a short one it is still dynamite in terms of writing and acting. The show also has a broad streak of humour to it and that's a good thing too. This blu ray looks great just like the rest of the series does on this format as well, It's a dark show and this really comes out on blu ray as this wasn't shot on hd film.  It has plenty of extras too, thankfully the boys will be back for a seventh season in 2011-12. And that's more good news. I intend to buy this entire show on blu ray for my personal collection; that's how good this show is."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Many people have compared this offshoot of the Stargate franchise as a Battlestar Galactica wannabe. Since I've never seen the newest BSG series, I can't compare it myself. So, I'll just say that I loved this newest SG installment and wish that it hadn't been cancelled after Season 2. However, even though it was cancelled, it was just so much fun. Now, the stars are off doing other series. However, if I ever win the Lotto, I will personally fund a TV movie or another season of this show. I miss the characters and would like to see them again."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Once you figure out the central gimmick in this FX series, you'll untie the complexities of its plotting and character development. It's really simple. No one is actually who they appear to be, right down to the minor players and even those who appear less than briefly. It's brilliant, really. They have hidden agendas, hidden relationships and hidden skeletons. The other gimmick is the constant time shifting: scenes play out \"Three Months Later\" etc etc constantly throughout, but you only get a tease of what's really going on. The writing here is top-notch, and old Glenn Close really outdoes herself as the Machiavellian lawyer who bends every ethics rule that ever existed on her way to trying to win damages cases. Unrealistic? Well, yes. This is a TV show. Ted Danson is great as a corporate villain, by the way, as are other name actors in later seasons. If you like court dramas, this one is miles above most."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "When I was teaching physical science to middle school, and high school kids, I did many of the &#34;Busters&#34; demonstrations and experiments on a smaller scale that they do on a much larger scale.  Give a 12 to 18 year old boy fire, something that burns or explodes, changes color, or does other &#34;neat&#34; things, and they are as happy as a hog in a wallow. I have a background in the sciences, i.e. a B.S. and M.Ed in the sciences (biology, earth, chemistry, and the physical sciences), and science education and I appreciate their approach in generating an interest in science. I wish they were around when I was at the 12-18 year old age range.  I did have Mr. Wizard, and I think he influenced me to go on as I did."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "As someone that grew up in small town America this well written story was fascinating.  Nuclear war is an insane idea, but we live with the possibility every day.  The possible tragedy is explored with what I felt were real people, good acting and reasonable human interaction.  The story line is like one very long novel and being able to watch episode after episode at your leisure with Prime is the perfect way to get the most from this story.  The novel celebrates those that strive to cling to positive moral values in the face of unimaginable hardships."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Really, all I can go by is that my grandson keeps asking me to watch Deigo. I don't sit and watch it with him but I can hear him calling out the answers to Diego's questions and when it over he wants to watch another. I have seen a few episodes and I like how they get the child involved and it is actually a teaching show. So they are not just sitting numbly spaced out watching cartoons. One time I purposely called out the wrong answer and he corrected me! Great. I was just checking to make sure he was understanding. He is 2 1/2 years."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I rated the movie a one.  I love Bobcat and Williams is an excellent actor.  But, I saw no value in the movie except for maybe the last minute and a half. It is not a dark comedy, I adore dark comedy.  I rented the movie \"This must be the Place\" and that was a good movie with dark comedy.  There was also plenty of depth.  This movie was about the human condition.  Exaggerated maybe, but rotten kids are sometimes just a fact of reality. The actions of the father were pretty much unforgiveable so he was just as horrible in his own way.  People can read what they want to into the movie to justify recommending it, but there was really nothing beneath the surface and there was nothing worth laughing at; even in sarcasm.  As a matter of fact, they were two people I'd rather not know, and that includes the hour plus minutes I spent staring at them via the computer monitor."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Run to the bank, LizLemon! 30Rock busts out for season two sharper than ever! Spot on with it's cameos, Seinfeld-esque moments and knockout characters and writing, it deserves every one of its accolades. Bottle of wine and and one \"Play All\" menu selection, I found myself laughing out loud more than once with each episode.Don't miss the special features of the \"live on stage\" episode, raising money for the PAs during the infamous strike. It's spontaneous and fun to hear the audience laugh along. Bravo! If I had the patience to watch network TV, this would be on my list (but I don't)!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Watched this on the basis of seeing Benedict Cumberbatch in an earlier production and was not at all disappointed.  Ok, I am disappointed there was not a subsequent season to watch.  The Cumberbatch character returns to a much changed England to attend his brother's funeral.  Everyone now must have a personal ID card in order to buy anything, get transportation or enter any where, including your own home.  He meets his brother's wife and is instantly attracted to her.  What follows is a story of intrigue and conspiracies that keeps you guessing as to who the good guys and the bad guys are.  The end of this 5 episode series is as unpredictable as the rest of the series.  Four stars only because I really wanted to see another season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The talented ensemble cast is essential in keeping the show interesting. The show features the usual hardships of white, middle class life in suburban Berkeley, California. An autistic son, an unplanned pregnancy, divorce, single mother hardship, empty nest divorces. The reason I watch is because I care about the characters. The episodes are poignant and brilliantly acted.The directing and cinematography are very good, particularly for a network television program. The writing is crisp and authentic. Each character has a unique, resounding voice. Flawed and genuine, we keep watching, wishing our family had the kind of resolve the Braverman's have.The abundance of characters allows a smooth shifting between each life, allowing more realistic events to provide entertainment, drama and comedy. Single subject sitcoms, tend to require increasing melodrama to retain viewers. Not so with Parenthood. I can't stop watching."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love me some Veronica Mars!  No, the movie does not give you all the same joy, anticipation and frenzied excitement as the TV show but it was a well done story of people who have moved into the next stages of life with all the decisions, dramas and regrets that can come along for the ride.  Throw in murder, intrigue, and a love affair for the ages...and you have one heck of a movie.  if you like film noir, suspense, and detective movies, check it out.Also, when you do, you support a movement. I believe that if we get a Veronica Mars movie every few years, they will just get better and better because the creator is committed to such excellence and has the vision.  Let's support it and keep the dream alive.  This has been a PSA brought to you by this one fan of Veronica Mars."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "\"The Office\" is one of the most brilliant comedy series on TV. Steve Carell is inimitable as Michael Scott; Rainn Wilson is hilarious as the self-centered Dwight. The entire ensemble cast is strong. The whole cast WORKS TOGETHER... in more ways than one.In the fifth season, the new boss Charles (Idris Elba, before he hit it big inObsessed).... so Michael Scott goes off on his own to form the Michael Scott Paper Company. There are hilarious shenanigans involving a bus from a Korean church, square-shaped pancakes, going to a senior investment club. There's the growing romance between Jim (John Krasinski) and Pam (Jenna Fischer) Dwight is constantly plotting... to the point of suggesting bees. At the company picnic, Michael hooks up with his ex Holly and they do a cheesy skit about the history of their company based onSlumdog Millionaire.\"The Office\" is worth the work!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Vic is back, baby! I'm certainly an unapologetic fan of this show primarily because it's a study of a well-written, character-driven offering.Avail yourself (if haven't already) to this bubbling cauldron of people being people - while not always pretty or flattering - that is fairly \"real.\" Sure, I like Law & Order but it's a little too tidy and \"TV\" for me sometimes while The Shield is right on the cusp of non-premium Cable edginess. Any Shield fan or crime drama junky will not be disappointed."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I just do not like the main character.The only person who seems to like him, is his Mother.His ex-girlfriend hates him, his brother is furious with him, his father is dissapointed with him.Nobody (actors, seem to have a clear line on who they're supposed to be).So far, after 7 episodes,for the first Season, I don't know who, or what anyone is either.Is the owner of the general store, just a stone beetch? Is the IRS auditor just a stone beetch?There is so much good TV. I do not have time to try to figure out what the writers of this show were trying to get across. In my opinion, they had a dart board in their office, and threw darts at it, to see which ones stayed.I'm definately, not willing to watch 18 or so hours of this floundering program."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My two-year old daughter LOVES this show.It's interactive: it engages the viewer to repeat a set of instructions, dance, and shout at Dora's nemesis, Swiper, \"Swiper, no swiping!\" The cast includes Dora, Boots (her sidekick), the Map (it gives directions to help Dora on her journey), the Backpack (provides a toolkit to resolve any issues), and Swiper the Fox.The show is also educational because it teaches viewers a Spanish word or two during the show. Think Spanish 101. In fact, some people I know brush up on their Spanish by watching a few episodes before taking a Spanish quiz in class (yes, Dora's pretty thorough).The storylines are predictable, yet they are always entertaining to my two-year old. Not a day goes by where she isn't yelling at the TV, \"Swiper, no swiping!\""}
{"label": 0, "raw": "An impressive idea about a professional team that can spot the smallest of lies based on body language, expressions and \"microexpressions\".  The main character is compelling, the supporting cast is hit or miss.  Most of the episodes are interesting and I appreciate how they show real clips of politicians and celebrities lying to us with their body language/facial expressions.  Some of it is definitely pop psychology style but other parts are true and the main character is based on a real person.  Most of the characters can't have satisfying love relationships because they catch their partners lying.  Interesting theme about lies and love.  How much do you expose and what do you let get by for the sake of the affair?  DIALOGUE/CHARACTERS: B to B plus; STORY/PLOTTING: B to B plus; FRESHNESS FOR A TV TOPIC: A minus; OVERALL GRADE: B to B plus; WHEN WATCHED: October to December 2010 (streamed)."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This Canadian series holds onto its excellence in the release of season two. The name flashpoint refers to some event which brings a person to snapping and taking the law into his own hands.  That person is also about to do something awful, such as kill other people.  This squad has to do one of two things, either calm the person down until he surrenders to them OR kill the person before he can harm others. They are all excellent marksmen plus skilled in calming down people who have hit the flashpoint.  The series is set in Toronto."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "HBO and the BBC have really outdone themselves with this first season. A brilliant action-packed and highly  emotionally charged violent series doesn't just tell the story of the rise to power and death of Caesar, but portrays the most violent ancient Roman world, where we of today forget just how cheap life was back then. You see for yourself through the eyes of two centurions, who get wrapped up in the intrigue and as mere pawns tragically manipulated and toyed with by all levels of society.Joe Wocoski, Author"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Based on its price and existing reviews, I decided to try \"White Collar,\" Season 1 and believe me, it was worth all 1,900+ pennies.  The story revolves around a classy master thief (played by Matt Bomer) who strikes a deal with the FBI agent (played by Tim McKay) who caught him twice, all in order to avoid going back to jail.  The agent works in the FBI's white-collar crime division in New York City and the master thief is there to provide a criminal's perspective to each case.  Catch is that the thief is confined to a two-mile radius by an ankle bracelet and needs to locate his missing girlfriend.  Tiffany Thiessen (of \"90210\" fame) stars as the agent's wife.  Great cast works well together.  Solid, believable scripts kept me interested and jonesing for season 2.  Could be filmed in L.A. for all I know, but looks like NYC to me."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Trying to address mental illness is very tough in any context and I applaud the effort.  The shortcomings (in my opinion only) are that not all mental health patients should disregard medications that may make them less stressful on the caretakers. I understand the husband agreeing to the absence of medication but I am not sure I like the idea of the children (who were not asked their opinion before birth) having to find coping mechanisms for dealing with a parent who is so obviously ill; I speak from personal experience on the subject.  If the character wanted children than the price of using moderating medication until they are adults (and able to understand the consequences fully if the choice is offered at that time) should have been paid. It is very complex situation and hardly fair to try to cover it in a one hour tv show but at least it brings the conversation forward and, as I said I applaud the effort.  Thank you."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Ray Winstone (you may recognize him from the movie \"Sexy Beast) is Vincent, the head of his own P.I. firm. He is assisted by his small crew of associates. Vincent may appear to be a tough guy, and he can be. He delivers tough news with directness, yet ultimately has a heart of gold. He takes on cases that often have excellent plots and the interaction and caring of his staff is wonderful. This is a mystery/drama above all else, but can be funny and touching at the right times. I only wish there were more episodes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My kids love this show, especially my toddler, because of all the fun songs and music throughout the show.  The bright colorful characters and quick stories keep their attention.  This show  was partly created by a member of an 80's rock band and each show features a different band like Devo, Weezer, etc singing fun songs. We like the Aquabats a lot!  But be warned, some of these songs are so catchy, they will stay in your head and you will find yourself waking up singing it or humming it at work like my husband!! Co-workers just may not understand....overall, an energetic show with valuable lessons and gets the kids up dancing!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "An Irish fisherman played by Colin Farrell hauls up an interesting prize in his trawler net. It is a beautiful creature named Ondine (Alicja Bachleda) Ondine means from the sea. She seems a little awkward of the world.  So when the fisherman tells his daughter (Alison Barry) the tale she knows he found a selkie, a mythical sea creature with powers and abilities. The fisher man is starting to see things through his daughter's eyes and so are we. Will the selkie stay for the allotted seven years or be carried away by her sea husband? Let's hope everything turns out all right as in a fairytale.The highlight of the film for me is the encounters of the fisherman Syracuse and the local priest played by Stephen Rea."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a strange little film that I do not think has been given as much credit as it deserves. Anyone who can sit still for an hour and a half is sure to find this film worth seeing. The under used Jason Ritter and Marianna Palka are so interesting to watch here and although not really a comedy, it will make you laugh a lot of the time.This story about a guy who begins to fall in love with a very withdrawn girl with severe trust issues is not your average love story, but it has a refreshing quality and the two stars are completely engaging. If you like romance films with a little more creativity, then this is certainly worth your time."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "There are 5 double-length episodes here that increase the episode count from 14 to 19.  And at 19, that is just 3 episodes short fo a current full season.What does puzzle me is the varying lengths of the half hour episodes, some are as short as 20 minutes & 30 seconds; others clock in at 21 minutes & 40 seconds.  Are some cut?If you get the 5-disc version some retailers are selling for the same price, then it is worth picking up!  Disc 5 has a Q & A session from the Scranton  \"The Office\" convention."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This was probably the best season so far. Luckily I saw 200 & 201 when they were aired on TV (censored of course) but the fact that they are censored on DVD is complete BULL****!!!! I can't believe that Comedy Central released this DVD and still censored it.Usually I buy the seasons so I can watch them without commercials and UNCENSORED but I'm content with watching this season online for FREE. I returned this DVD to the store the next day. Comedy Central doesn't need my money anymore."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am very pleased with the PQ on this BLU-RAY 3rd season of Supernatural. Howver, I cannot seem to get a menu of any kind, so once I put in the disc, I have to watch all the episodes in order... can't take a break or call up specific episodes... am I unique in this? do you other buyers share this? -  I hope the manufacturer will fix this for the other Blu-Ray seasons cause this sucks! Otherwise, I would have rated 5 stars..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I watched and read this book (the first of a series) to see if it was too inappropriate for my 13 year old niece.  It is a little more raunchy (especially the book) than I would prefer for a 13 year old.  But I would think a young woman at the end of high school or beginning of college might appreciate this level of teen angst.  The areas where the girls have to deal with heavy kissing and groping are the areas that I felt were a bit too much for my niece.  But it does not overpower the whole book.  I found the book and movie rather funny, and I think I will recommend it for her in a few years."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is NOt for kids. In fact ,  the lead character is a man driven by anger and humiliation to do everything that is wrong.  He literally breaks bad in his fifties as he condemned to die from cancer.  The show is well written with a large amount of very dark comedy in it.  It's very unpoliitcally correct in a bad way , but it also does depict how nasty some people are. Meth of course is destroying whole communities , so the writers picked the most offensive drug they could for the character to fall into. After all breaking bad pot man wouldn't be that offensive would it?  The acting is great , with  emmies' won by cast members over the years. This is not a nice show , but it is dark and horribly funny.  This looks best in hd of course.  SO a blu ray would be the best way to go. or hd video."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've loved Shark Week since it's inception, and through the years I've come to truly appreciate sharks of all types.  That being said, I don't put myself in THEIR environment anymore.  It's theirs, they 'own' it, they dominate it and I'm all good with that.  Still, I love learning about them, seeing them and watching the experts try to being understanding to we laymen.  That, I think, is what Shark Week is all about, although they do always bring the attacks to the fore, but that's because we, the viewers, are rubberneckers at heart and want to see blood in the water.I hope all will watch, learn and express their appreciation for the apex-predator of our seas."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you love your Sci-Fi as much as I do, then you&#34;re in for the ride of your life with &#34;Stargate SG-1 Season 2&#34; .  This show never did disappoint me! It has &#34;jaw-dropping&#34; action all the way through it and then some. The good guys don&#34;t always win in this block buster of a hit, but when they get the upper hand and do win, you feel triumphant right with them.....AT HOME! Every one of the Seasons in this series is just a part of the whole.....wait until you see how it comes out in the end! Yes, I very highly recommend watching a show like &#34;Stargate SG-1 Season 2&#34;. I think you may even begin to like Sci-Fi, too!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love British TV anyway but this series blows everything out of the water! I think everyone should be playing attention to what this show is showing and even through the host makes a point of stating this is just a TV shows these things are already in place and growing! I am not sure it is still on because there was only one season available on Amazon.I love everything I ever watch with Benedict Cumberbatch in he is such a great actor and so believable in every part he plays whether it is in this show or Sherlock Holmes. He is the best Sherlock! He stole each scene he was in! Love this actor he is brilliant ! The Brits really produce and write excellent shows! Bring more seasons to Amazon!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Heroes Season 2 is not as good as Season 1 due to the writer's strike. It would have likely been the end of the show if they didn't move a head with Season 2, but the show did suffer some. There are a lot reviews for Heroes Season 2 that point out the many flaws and give spoilers, so I don't need to do that here. My only observation is that the some of characters acted completely... well out of character, and a lot of plot devices were used to move the weaker plot lines along. If Season 1 wasn't as good as it was, this Season would not have been so disapointing.Still all of that said, you need to watch Season 2 to get to Season 3, so recommended for the Heroes fan."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's somewhat more violent and bloody than I would have expected, but this season isn't so bad.  It's interesting to see the characters discover more about themselves, their duality, their conflicted feelings about doing good or bad things and what the outcome will be, whether it's okay to do something wrong in the short term so that others might benefit later, and so on.  Sylar gets a lot of screen time, exploring his darkest interiors, while the other characters get some generous story time as well.  Hiro and Ando are still my favorites and tend to bring some light and humor into the darkness and seriousness of the rest of the show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I'm well aware that American dad has its haters, and I don't always disagree with the criticisms.  However, I really think the show keeps improving, both in writing and comedic jokes.  To me this deserves recognition as most shows rely on the same tired formula and writing, which eventually gets lazy and repetitive (see the office).  American Dad has really tried to make itself a bit better as it grows, and this season shows it.  I'm not going to argue that its shakespeare, or the best comedy going, but I give credit where credit is due.  This volume made me laugh constantly, and unlike most american dad episodes, they didn't feel quite so disposable.  If you're a fan of american dad, its a no brainer, get it, you'll love it.  If you have seen the show, and only kind of like it, this volume may surprise you, give it a chance."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "That's what this film is about, immaturity.  You have a guy who is basically still a child so he chooses his love like a teenager, he cannot look people in the eye and tell them what he really wants and he tries to run away from home like a little boy. That said the film does end with a nice resolution that perhaps points to emotional growth.  Its not the best film but its not the worse either.  I would recommend renting this before investing in owning a copy as I doubt its the kind of film anyone would want to see more than once."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This series is for those of us that love life and the predicaments that can happen and you get caught at all of the times that you wish, as an observer, would love to either rescue, hide and save the characters from what happens when you are in the wrong place at the wrong time.All of the actors are endearing and acting out their characters at an A+ level.  I have all of the Californication Series and, of course, &#34;the Hankster&#34; stays in situations that make you love him more at every turn.I happen to love David Duchovny and have since I saw the movie &#34;Return to Me.&#34;A gorgeous man, intelligent and entertains at every opportunity that comes his way.Californication is a real mind blower and the observer is caught up in all of the raunchy, sexy and loving moments that have been made and rewarded by their peers."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "My children love this show. I will give a great example from my four year old from last week. We come to a stop sign and she reads S T O P and says that spells stop. We were really impressed, we have been working on letters for quite a while now, but she could comprehend  stop means stop. We  asked her if she learned it in K-3. She said no she learned it on blues clues. Just a side note I know some people are going to read this and say. Well if he didn't have his kid in day care they would be smart... or something of that ilk. Our children are in a small Christian school and they didn't have enough teachers so my wife became a full time volunteer to help the kids. I'm not a fan of preschool, I do not sit in judgment of those who do. It's just a personal choice for us. Back to the show my children have learned so much from this show. hope this helps."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Whiel the first season of Bones was slightly imperfect, partly due to the real geekiness of its actors, it was a pleasure to watch. Fortunately with Season two the craetors have managed to make this an even better series. Boreanaz' stigma of having played Angel in the Buffy franchise is now completely gone and we can identify him with agent Booth completely. Bones social ineptitude is also put more on clear display this time. These are the two main things that mange to make the chemistry between them even stronger than last season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "After watching the first 4 seasons of Chuck, I just HAD to get the last season as well - and it was money well spent. It was a little sad knowing the series end was coming, but the writers did a good job of keeping the action flowing right up to the end. All of the characters seemed to get their special moments during this season - the only character I missed was Anna from the early seasons.I don't want to spoil anyone's surprise, but we get a few visits and flashbacks to old characters, as well as a few new ones along the way. Most of the Chuck fans should be happy with the ending as well. Boy, it is ahrd to talk about this season without giving something away, so I will just summarize:If you watched the first four seasons, this season falls nicely in-line, but with a wrap-up in the final show instead of a cliff-hanger season ender."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am giving this show five stars---I'm actually on the third season and I still love it. You do feel like you are being conned sometimes, because the plots don't work, and they hope you don't notice.  But it is sooooo good otherwise, I have to go with a full five stars.  The characters are rich and believable and adorable. The characterization details in the dialogue are amazing. The con details are interesting.  There's no gross yuk stuff---like dead bodies staring at you.  I hate that! It's really a great show!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Life is my favorite show of the season.It is well acted, well written, with a fascinating and original premise.The show is full of philosophy, i.e. mans search for meaning and justice.Add to that a couple of beautiful actresses thrown into the mix, and \"Life\" is a thinking man's perfect show!03/01/08I just rewatched all the pre stike episodes this week...And again, I think this is the best drama of the year and one of the best ever on TV. If you haven't seen this show yet, do yourself a favor and start at the beggining and get addicted like me."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I've been a Mythbusters fan for a long time and while I'm still not used to the US narrator (coming from the UK where it is narrated by a Brit) I made my way through all the Mythbusters series again on Amazon Prime.The show takes us through those things we always thought we knew about but often didn't. Watching the whole seasons through, it is obvious that while Adam and Jamie were younger in this season they were also a lot angrier at each other. Perhaps they learned each others quirks as the seasons progressed but it is interesting to go back to the early days. You can also view how the budget for the show started increasing over time as their initial experiments were low cost and generally done near the shop, now they have massive explosions in man made lakes and mining quarrys.I recommend this show to my friends and it is often discussed in the work place. Everyone with an interest in science, explosions and humour should be watching this show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Once you've started, you'll find it hard to stop.  Watching these great videos is like a narcotic.  You just want to be injected with another one, and another.  Then when they are all done you have to go through a withdrawal phase of disappointment that there aren't another 100 to go.Great fun, edge of your seat humor and drama combined.  Every actor fits the part perfectly and the bad guys are bad and the dead people are really dead. The star, Kyra Sedgwick, is outstanding and never lets you down."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I loved this series!  Debra Messing was exceptional and I loved the entire story.  It was funny, witty, and heart rendering. I am not from L.A. so I can't really saw whether or not folks from there are so shallow, but found that part of it amusing, and entertaining because some of the shallow stuff was just plain silly, great for a giggle. The story itself delves into the subject of  how your life can change on a dime and how difficult it is to retain your dignity while trying to change.  I identified with the concept of reinventing oneself, as I have had to do it many times.  I highly recommend it as a chick flick series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The brilliant Agatha Christie's &#34;Poirot&#34; and David Suchet were made for each other! They started out as great and grew into fabulous, as did Christie's characters. Suchet makes the formerly somewhat stuffy Poirot, especially as depicted in old movies, not as endearing as he is in these Masterpiece Theatre creations which make you want to invite this little man into your home and watch his &#34;little gray cells&#34; go to work. The series just gets better and better. My third wish is that it could go on forever. it is so good."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "i am a lover of brit television, so i was surprised, pleasantly, and ecstatic, discovering this gem of american television. this is a romp--witty, sexy, intelligent entertainment, the best kind of comic book.  in my unabashed enjoyment of this s how, i was perplexed as to why it was only one season, and, then, i watched the episode in which banks beats up an alleged serial killer, and it struck me that a black man, beating a white man, even if the black man is a cop and the white man is a very bad guy,. does not sit well with the powers that be, in hollywood, and that's a pity because this show was as brilliant as anything the brits produce--really. it deserves five-out-of-five."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Curious George is a family-friendly show with great tools for any budding scientist, analyst, or news journalist. What do I mean?Each episode, for example, focuses on George going through a scientific-method-like process to figure out solutions to everyday problems. George's inquisitive nature helps him form hypotheses and experiment to test each hypothesis.George lives with a man with a yellow hat (that's his brand). His character's ok, but GEORGE steals the show. Kids will love the bright colors and uptempo pace of the show. The show has a narrator (who sounds a lot like the man in the yellow hat) who helps guide the viewer through George's actions and thoughts.You can't go wrong with this show."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Undercover police dramas are not easy to watch because they require really great writing. The ultimate show would be one where the audience doesn't know who the undercover cop is. The key would be to stack the show with stars so that it would never be obvious who the cop might be, and to write the shows so that anyone could be the undercover. Dark Blue is so far away from that, thats its easy to see why it didn't last. More of a vehicle for its star, the show drops the ball from the opening scene. It's OK to watch if there's nothing else, but i wouldn't waste my time, unless you're a writer searching for the wrong way to write."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "you have gotta check out Supernatural. At first glance I thought that a CW horror show would suck, but this baby doesn't shy away from the gore at all. The classic rock music really sealed the deal for me, not to mention the hot chick of the week vibe it has going for it. The two main dudes, Sam and Dean, who can make or break a show like this, are both very natural and easy to root for. The second and third seasons are much stronger than the first (which is also great, save for the episode \"Bugs\") with almost every episode ranging from very good to great. The \"monsters of the week\" are always interesting and the major storyline for the whole season really makes you feel the show is heading somewhere. So hop in the 1967 Chevy Impala and go for a ride."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "That would be a better title for this doc.!  The tide of war, in all reality and truth turned against Germany when Hitler began to think he knew more than his Generals. It started in 39 when he failed to Invade England and waited on the worthless Goeing to win the Air War.  His hesitancy lost it again in Russia when he turned his Panzer Generals away from their original objectives.  Hitler was a megalomaniac whose fears were fueled by his use of drugs and his diseased brain to map out strategies that were doomed to fail.  Good thing for the Allies it did fail or we would all be speaking German though I wouldn't have because of my Father whose career in military intelligence would have doomed all of us in our family to extinction!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The best thing to happen to season 2 was the writer's strike, it put the season out of its misery!  With that the producers decided to cancel the rest of the season and try again next year.The cliffhanger from season 1 was not even delt with until most viewers stopped watching.Oh, this second season was PAINFUL to watch!  My co-workers dropped out after only 4 episodes. I recorded the show so that I could fast forward through, hoping it would get back on track.  It never did, I kept fast forwarding through the entire season.Season 1 was great, never to be equaled by season 2.  Maybe season 3 will be better, if anyone is still watching.  It is sad to see the hottest show of 2006 go down in flames in 2007."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It was what it was.  With approximately a billion jokes tailored &#34;for the fans,&#34; it's an easy pass if you aren't already a fan of the series.  There isn't much of a story here, and it about equals the quality of the show it's based on.  That said, if you're a fan, you'll probably enjoy it and laugh harder than everyone else in the room.  It'll make you intolerable to everyone else, but you'll feel special."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The show is awesome,  the bearing sea  is a bitch of a place and Discovery has invested  heavly over the years to fine tune the cameras, crews  and  really make the show  cool. Who  would have thought that a show about crabbing would be a hit?  I like how the story lines are growing with new fleet vessels and thier crews, are a good mix  for future seasons. I  am glad they are  showing how crabbing works and how the  nuances  of that fishing  are impacted mininute by minute by nature above the ocean and  down on the floor.  I know that Discovery has trailer boats  so they are not alone  but I know they do work  hard to fil the quotas. Also I am glad that discovery are mixing in the USCG  and thier  presence in the fleet and on patrol. Very cool, glad the producers are thinking outside the box."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Why is it that no comedy show can go a half an hour with out making fun of Jesus or Christians? American Dad started out great but now it seems they will take the road most traveled. All jokes revolve around Christians. This episode was no different. It started out really funny and I almost said \"see you do not need to bash Christians, but I interrupted by the show bashing on Christians. I have quit watching Family Guy and The Simpsons because of this. The only shows that I really like to watch any more on FOX was Futurama and it was canceled and then there was King of the Hill and it is being canceled. Oh well, after I stop watching American Dad I will stop watching FOX altogether. Which is not such a bad thing? Almost all shows on FOX are garbage anyways."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Our toddler loves YGG. The music is fun for her and she loves to dance. Her favorite thing is Super Music Friends Show, hehe. Her favorite episodes from season 3 are Treasure, Circus, and Bugs. For some reason she is terrified of Superhero though. This is my toddler's favorite show and she knows some of the songs by heart, and I do too since she likes to ask me to sing &#34;Gabba songs&#34; to her at bedtime. Treasure by Blizentrapper is one of her favorite lullabys now! haha!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I watched all of the episodes of this series, mainly because of Damian Lewis.  I saw him in Band of Brothers playing an American Officer in the 82nd Airborne Screaming Eagles. (seems we don't have any American actors to play these parts-guess we have a talent shortage here in the colonies).  He is a good actor and the writing of the series was great, with a great gimmick for the main character.  I think they cancelled this series too early.  It could have been better given time to work out the kinks."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The second story of \"Sons of Anarchy\" is highlighted by excellent acting on all accounts. There are no weak characters and only strong performances. The characters are interwoven in intriguing situations. The stories are not for the faint at heart: there are portrayals of rape, violence, and death.There is much tension arising from the stories. The problems increase and grab the viewer. One often does not know how situations can be resolved. A looming problem from season one is resolved over time, yet with much drama that nearly tears apart most of the characters. There are new white supremacist protagonists who are unsettling. A positive result is this makes the motorcycle criminals more appealing by comparison. These new villains create new conflicts from multiple angles which keeps the second season very interested. The friendships and defense of families among the criminal main characters allows viewers to root for them. One would probably want to familiarize oneself by viewing the first season before jumping into the second season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I thought this was a great movie with a weak plot (I know that sounds contradictory). The film had  great acting, character development, special effects, etc. - perhaps the best of any Trek film. I loved the way the film tied together the main TOS characters.On the other hand, I thought the plot was a bit too  grandiose - especially for a 2-hour film. I won't reveal any spoilers, but I will say a lot changed in the Star Trek universe - yet, it seemed way too quick. I'm not a Trek purist, but I just felt like the whole \"villain develops planet-destroying technology\" plot has been done a bit too much (e.g., Wrath of Khan, Generations, Insurrection, Nemesis) that the actual storyline seemed mundane. However, the character development and the chance to see Kirk, Spock, and Bones on the big screen more than compensated.Trek purists beware!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "We streamed a few shows of Sanctuary (not the best Internet connection at our house for streaming) and decided to buy the Blu-ray disc set as soon as it came out.We save watching the Sanctuary shows for when nothing else is on; we don't want the shows to end too soon.We are Stargate fans, and we find Sanctuary to be a wonderful option for science fiction.Why would any person complain? There is nothing else worth watching for people who only receive over-the-air television."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Showtime's creative and terrific series of DEXTER is so fresh and uber-cool that we just have to applaud everyone who works on this awesome cable TV series.It is so rare to watch a television show that rivals or even feels like you are reading a rich novel. Usually they screw it up, whether it be Hollywood big screen adaptations of the Sci-Fi channel - they all usually suck eggs.But not Showtime! They are currently way better than HBO. With the richness of feel and look at the miami-based Dexter, the actors and writers here truly shine above most others of all arenas of television and/or Box Office standards.And the 2nd season thus far is just as good - if not better!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This show is an odd pairing of a fantasy about souls being switched in the afterlife with a lightweight courtroom drama. I enjoy the entertaining legal cases, but the whole reincarnation nonsense seems beyond dumb to me.That plus the fact that Hollywood writers/producers could not conceive of putting an overweight woman as the leading woman in a show, no matter how smart and successful she is, unless she identifies with the skinny blonde she supposedly used to be...it is really an insult to all overweight women!  And why is the smart successful Jane still identifies with Deb, even though she does not possess Deb's body or mind any longer? Simple; because Deb was better looking.Again, an insult to any intelligent person who still believes that a good looking shallow woman without any apparent achievements is SUPERIOR to a smart, well-educated and successful woman.  These shallow stereotypes and empty values are enforced again and again by Hollywood and everyone just accepts them without question."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "That mid-way through the season Gillian started wearing dark colors for a bit.  Then, all of a sudden, she was back.I guess asking me to rate this show is like asking dolphins if they like fish.  YES!  I am so sad this show is off the air, but then I wouldn't have the enjoyment of watching again and again.  I'd be too busy watching new shows of the series rather than the great ones already done (I have to admit, however, that I don't LOVE this show as much as Doctor Who).The episodes were wonderful and I'm already getting ready to watch season 3 (the last, sob)."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I see I'm not the first review to find this show similar to Ocean's 11.  It has a lot of the same pleasures: attractive, quirky protagonists, great, elaborate scams (some of which are revealed and some concealed from the viewer until the end), and a great deal of humor.  Much of the humor comes from the characters' interactions: this is a team of folks who are used to working alone. While some shows are more inventive and compelling than others, they are pretty uniformly engaging.  Leverage is an easy addiction: a dependable good time."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I usually don't like these types of soap opera-ish shows, but we tried it and i think it's one of the best shows on the air. Funny and dramatic, without being melodramatic is rare and often a failure; but they pull this off with style. The characters, of which there are a multitude are so well crafted that their similarities become melded into a casting that demands each get its time to develop and interact in a fashion that can only be discribed as growth; like a real person grows within a family, and like a family grows together and apart. It's real lofe on television; not some concoted formula of what works and what people want to see."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "After I completed watching The Sopranos I was in need for a new show to watch. Multiple friends, coworkers, and family members of mine Reccomended this too me, because I'm a fan of Bryan Cranston I thought id give it a try. I ordered it on a Tuesday and it was here by Thursday! I got a chance to watch the first episode of it on Friday, I started watching the show at 7:00pm, the pilot was good, so I watched the next, the next, the next, I looked at the clock, it was 12:30am!  I watched the whole 7 episode season in one night! I just finished watching all seasons and im currently waiting for the final 8 episodes in August 2013. If you thought this seasons wasn't that good, still stick with it because each season gets more darker and better."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The sexually and violent-y squeamish may have issues with this series, but that aside, the work is sheer genius. Archer is a lazy, stupid, boorish but (almost) always successful agent for ISIS, a security/spy agency run by his even more outlandish mother. A host of quirky characters with kinks that defy even advanced geometry, excellent art and animation, and scripts whose throwaway lines are better than most contemporary fiction are just some of the selling points. If you like cultural references a la MST3K, have a secret love for the Matt Helm lifestyle and just appreciate satire, you will love this."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Quick Overview: Detective Crews was sentenced and served years in prison for a crime he is now exonerated for. He received a hefty settlement but decided to return to his work where he got a new partner. Together they solve murders. When he is alone, he is tries to solve the murder he was put away for.Love the Life television series. I don't know how I missed it when it was airing. Damian Lewis is great. His character, Crews, is eccentric but smart. He often looks like he is about to board the crazy train and then suddenly it all makes sense. Then he does it again! He is a little crazy and a little genius. Pretty obnoxious sometimes too."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Oh, man, SOA season 1 was off the meat rack.  Excuse me, I mean it was FLAWLESS!!!!  And the writers, directors and cast follow up with season 2 perfectly.  Someone wrote a review saying that they never thought they would like a show about outlaw bikers and I felt the same way.  However, the writing and performances are so GREAT that you just cannot deny that this show is addictive.  I am so looking forward to season 3 'til it's ridiculous.  I truly believe that The Linson's and Kurt Sutter will not disappoint for the 3rd. installment of SOA.  This is one FANTASTIC SHOW!!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love everything about this season of Rome1  The introductory scenes of Rome and the catchy music begin the seduction. They photography is beautiful.  OMG the story line is at once familiar but new.  The characters are completely fascinating.  The story takes place as the Roman Empire begins to breakdown due to power struggles, civil war, etc.  The shows the aristocrates and the common people as they live through, react to, and adjust to the rapidly changing political climate.  Fascinating!!!!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Fortunately, the second season of BONES mantains the high standards achieved int he first season.The chemistry between Bones and Booth only improves. Also, the additon of a new female head chief (Cam)for the Jeffersonian team was a clever idea and worked nicely. This, adding to intriguing plots, superb support roles by Ryan O'Neil and Stephen Fry, scaring villains like Eppes and the guy that buried BOnes (the first case to not be solved - probably until further episodes!)and the \"love angle\" with Hodgins and Angela conspired to make this great television."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "After what I felt was a lackluster second season, this short season's returns to the action that made the first season amazing.  The stakes are a little high in some of the episodes (I wont spoil things, but I'm sometimes amazed that they dont mobilize The Army instead of The Unit when faced with the trials and tribulations they do), but the interaction with the wives and families is a lot more complementary than a separate drama.The only thing missing?  The theme from seasons 1 and 2!  I like the new song by Robert Duncan, but I thought the \"Fired Up\" cadence from the first two seasons was a rare case of a flawless theme song.  But I'll forgive it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you liked or didn't like &#34; Eureka&#34;, I'm not going to review it, you already know what you liked about it. I enjoyed the whole series. I have a couple of favorite episodes from Season 2. I like having the disks. Cable and internet service goes out from time to time, so it's nice to pop in the dvds and watch on my Sony portable. I was glad they ditched the funky potato foam of the 1st season package. This one holds the dvds correctly in place. The box is not going to fill up the landfill, it's going to remain with me for a long time to come, and then it will become a collectible, right?"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I didn't think I would be interested - another 'gang-glorifying' theatrical event. For some reason I watched a couple of episodes late one night, and now I am hooked. Even though it contains many of the gang glorifying elements (killing - just because it suits gang needs, lawlessness, drugs sex and guns along with demeaning of people in general and women in particular), there are intriguing characters, great acting, interesting and complex relationships, and also tackles issues on integrity on the legal side as well as the gang. I'm hooked and will probably watch all the episodes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Was unsure when I purchased the DVD what to expect.  With real joy I can say that it was worth every cent and I have already watched it several times.  The Storyline kept me interested and I loved the two main actors. (Gilmore Girls, the mother) one of my favourite series.  Anway If you are unsure then try it I think most people will be very pleased, I was.  With the extras along comes a commentary and I am watching it now and it sounds like they had a great time filming this movie.  Enjoy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If you like the genre of Super Heroes; you'll love the Flash.  John Wesley Shipp provides the lead character with a humanity, unlike his cartoon version.  This Flash is thoughtful, intelligent and has a sensitivity that other comic adaptations get wrong out of the gate.  The shows cleverly adapt the comics in a way a modern audience will enjoy.  The reason why it was canceled?  CBS didn't have much respect for the genre and kept switching it on different days.  It never found an audience because it never came on the same day each week. Football and other events kept delaying the broadcasts.  I believe it was done to get rid of the show.  Now you can enjoy them all.  I only wish it was allowed to survive.  It was a gem that will never be duplicated again. If you like the Batman, Superman TV shows with a modern twist, this is a show you'll like.  You won't be disappointed!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "If Mary Shannon was someone you knew in real life, you'd discover that she isn't that easy to like sometimes. She's rude, opinionated, with little patience for most people's problems. But she is loyal to a fault, and just wants her charges to be safe regardless of what they want.And because of all that, she's one of the most entertaining characters on TV.(I have to say that the S1 pilot episode wasn't that good, but once you get past that you will be hooked. But I digress; we're talking about season 2.)Season two is much like the other seasons - problems at home with with her mother and sister. And her partner, Marshall, being patient with Mary with all her quirks and irritations (it's obvious he's in love with her, but it's never explored).I would completely recommend that you buy this DVD set (and all of the seasons)."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I guess I'm the odd one because I found it to be rather stupid - sorry, couldn't think of another word to describe my feelings about it. I decided to fast forward through, hoping to come to something that would be interesting, funny, good.... Just when I thought it couldn't get any stupider, the girlfriend shows up and voila, it got stupider. Even the ending, which was supposed to be a \"gotcha\" I guess, just didn't have any juice. Was also difficult to see Meg Ryan, whom I'd always enjoyed, with the beginnings of messing up her face. A pathetic and somewhat creepy story."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I love this show! I had seen only 2 of them years ago and was fascinated by the premise, production and cast. To have all 3 seasons is a feast that is my day end treat. The main character, Cal Lightman, of The Lightman Group, is a psychologist who has developed a practice around 'reading' micro features and reactions of people during different stressor moments. He is the quirky feature. His team appease the general public and buffer with authorities. His Irish accent is just enough. I watch him and wonder how much is his perfect ACTING style and how much is what he naturally brings. Unusual, creative & enjoyable."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Life is complicated. This story line is clever and serves that  truth well.I like the idea that Angels can be like ordinary, overworked people.The character Holly Hunter portrays is &#34;Grace&#34; itself. She is her own worst enemy, drinking and sleeping with various people, yet committing her precious time on earth to bringing justice to, and for those who have been wronged.In spite of her endless rotations of addiction to work, sex and alcoholic drink, she makes deep commitments to her detective team, so they may help serve justice to victims of life and circumstance.Then along comes an Ordinary Angel that attempts to open the window to Grace's soul. The question becomes; will Grace respond to the bumbling ways of the Angel and find a way to save herself?  Cool ideas!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "While I'll admit, this movie is a fun waste of time that fanboys of Jenna Jameson and Roxy Saint will love, I'm at a loss to what to say about it. It's not your typical zombie flick, per se. It's not your typical stripper flick either. It's not even a horror comedy. Yet, whatever it is, it is strangely a pretty good movie. The story has something to do a with a zombie-like virus passed along to a member of a military strike-team, who then escapes to a strip club where he bites Jenna Jameson, who the bites some more people.  Robert Englund plays a strip club owner who realizes that there's a lot of money to be made in zombie strippers - until everything goes wrong.Oddly enough, I still don't know what to say about it except to see this movie. It's a real hoot..lol."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This film caught my eye when I was browsing my local Redbox for film choices. After reading the summary, I decided to rent it. It started off promising, with a interesting if a bit slow-paced story. I was enjoying it, and the leading actor and actress did great jobs in their roles. Both of them are very pleasing on the eyes. Yummy.But near the end of the movie, Ondine's secret is revealed, and it is a big letdown. I liked this movie better when it had a feeling of magic to it, and the truth just feels like a cheap cop-out, especially with the neatly-wrapped up ending. If you're a big fan of these actors, you might like this movie just to watch them act, just don't expect too much from the story itself."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "THE ECLIPSE is mostly a romantic story, infused w/ supernatural happenings and a few jolts here and there. Michael Farr (Ciaran Hinds) is a widower w/ two children, haunted by his wife's death. He falls in love w/ a woman who writes ghost stories, and must deal w/ inner conflict along w/ his aging father in law. Throw in Aidan Quinn as a lecherous, drunken ex-lover of Michael's new love interest, and you've got quite a mess! Along the way, Michael is tormented by spectres, both in dreams and in reality. This is a quiet, somber little film, w/ no noisy, CGI ghosts or Hollywood thrills. It's an Irish movie that moves at a pace that will probably infuriate and bewilder most action-starved, explosion-addicted Americans..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Guillermo Del Toro delivers again!The Orphanage or El Orfanto, whichever name you would like to call it, is excellent! It's a movie at its best! Great storyline, great characters, a little spookiness and alot of twist & turns that you will never see coming!The trailer for this movie, makes it out to much scarier than it is, but the movie will not disappoint.If you watch this movie and like/love it, watch Del Toro's other movies, they are all good- Pan's Labyrinth, The Devil's Backbone and Hellboy!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "We came into the seasons after they were over on the TV, but thought all three seasons were well written, entertaining, and fun.  It was easy to get attached to the characters and were glad we could watch two at a time because you are often left with cliff hangers.  Sadly, the end of this season left us with a major cliff hanger that will not be resolved until hopefully the movie coming out does.  That was my only complaint.  There should have been more seasons following this one."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Horatio and his crew just keep on doing what they do best, convict the folks that think its easy to get away with killing folks.  They do it with style, class, determination and sometimes a sense of humor as well.  Really loved the season 5 opening episode in Brazil that was really cool to see them go there and take down a criminal that thought he was getting away with killing someone dear to Horatio.  Very solid season 5 throughout with various crimes and different drama that affected everyone at the CSI office from gambling to ex's that just won't go away.  It has something for everyone especialy loved the special features with Wolf (Ryan Togo) showing us the ends and outs of the real CSI Miami office and what goes on there very cool.Looking forward to season 6 with the way this one ended, i know it come out in typical CSI Miami fashion with a bang."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This was a memorable season for the show, revealing a lot of tension.  I am not sure, however, how satisfying it was.  Yes, I'm giving the season three stars and they produced quality work.  However, while I am enjoying the events, I'm not sure that I'm enjoying the characters.  I find myself in the odd position of not being sure if humanity -- as represented by the main characters -- is worth saving.  All of these people are deeply flawed.  I don't feel actual respect for any of them.  Of course, they are in a situation like none in which I have been, so perhaps I'm being overly harsh.Battlestar Galactica is a decent show.  The actors for the most part do their jobs well and the individual stories are interesting.  I'm just finding myself questioning whether I should be rooting for the enemy... or for anyone at all."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "We found this because I love Jeremy Renner and was looking for what else he has done.  He's great here and I was happily surprised with the quality of the rest of the cast. This is both funny and touching and quirky and weird enough but not too twee...  Actually,  it's charming.  It's a charming series about quirky cops going through their days.  I'm so sorry it wasn't continued but these few episodes are gems.And I have to plug Amazon prime here,  through it we get access to amazing shows that we would not watch otherwise.  It's terrific value!  So it's a win/win!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Wow, I'm going to have to change my mind about romantic comedies being predictable.  While this one does end in a predictable way, the story is anything but that.  I'm not one who cries at movies, but I actually teared up during the sappy moments!  All the actors are great in their respective roles, and the story is funny and moving at the same time.  I was going to avoid this movie because of the lame title, but I'm glad I didn't.  I haven't read the books, but I will now.  Very nicely done!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a series which has a nice twist to the run of the mill hard guy private investigator series. The main character is Vincent, a former detective with Scottland Yard, who is your typical hard guy, chip on his shoulder, private investigator. But there is a twist, he is going through a rough personal crisis, losing the women he loves to another guy, which causes him all kinds of struggles through out each investigation. This twist makes him very human and makes the series different from the rest. If you enjoy both a good private investigator series and a good drama series, you will enjoy this series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "What would you do during a disaster scenario where information is scarce and everything is headed into a downward spiral? Most likely, try to keep your head above water. That is the premise of Jericho, a smaller city outside of a location that experienced a major nuclear attack. It follows a town as they deal with the likely problems we as a society would face when things turn extremely rough. Sadly, it only lasted for two seasons, meaning at some point the story line will simply drop off, never to be continued. :("}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The Satellite of Love experiment of the Week is a real Cute-a-saurus that will have you card-board... But in a good way...  The Boy's screen a Film about a Kickboxer from the future (more like Jean Claude Gosh Darn) who teams up with a nun and an assortment biggest loser dropouts to fight stacks of Cardboard boxes and Dinosaur puppets while the Bots are forced to watch.  Crow tries to calculate how many times a lady Gypsy is. (Spoiler: Gypsy is disappointed that she is only 2.7 times a lady; turns out Mike is eight times a lady). Also Mike, gives a lesson in forced perspective and he,  Crow and Servo realize they've never really thanked Pearl for not killing them. They take a moment to thank Pearl, interrupting her attempt to kill them... \"HEY!\""}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Plot summary: Two goa'uld symbiotes take over BW and RCC and force them to create SGU to avenge the defeat the system lords suffered in SG1.  Well, not exactly, but it certainly a plausible explanation to what happened.If you liked SG1 and SGA, chances are you will not like SGU - the creators ( BW and RCC ) tried to do something \"different\" and it backfired.  SGU turned out to be a deficient hybrid of Stargate and Battlestar Galactica.  It had neither portrayal and analysis of social and psychological issues new BSG offered - and even if you disliked it, you have to admit that new BSG was smart and stylish - nor any meaningful Sci-Fi or humor present in SG1/SGA.SGU was a sad sad long dragged out show with sad unlikeable characters, which even the abundance of the gratuitous sex scenes could not save.  But good to know that some viewers liked the series to make it last two seasons."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I will make this real short and sweet..If you like Agatha Christiyou will love all the Poirot..I do and have watched them manytimes over..they are wonderfully scripted, being TRUE to the bookand David Suchet has captured her character perfectly.All the actors  perfectly cast and the era is historically correct inall aspects..There is a little of something for everyone and it's ashow  you can watch with or by all ages.  So get your popcorn, sit back andenjoy.  This is a class act and consistently so."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Everyone complains about their job, but somehow the produces came up with a series that makes you hope someday they would put your dirty job on the show. Even if they never put your's on the air, it is well worth watching it, a good lesson to remind everyone of what real hard labor is. We forget what it is like to do these dirty but necessary jobs, my only regret is that they never had rich and famous people who never worked a day in their life or got their hands dirty to guest hosting the show. LoL"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I like the scripts but am not sure about the lead actor..sometimes I like his acting but I think it would be betterif he was a little more sarcastic. I know he has gottenvery wise in mind and body but with knowledge comes asense of humor and I would love to see him go just a littlebit more into what he is hinting at now...just a little more sarcasticafter all he has earned that no matter how grounded he hasbecome...The scripts are full of it I just wish he would take a littlemore advantage with the delivery..It needs that ZING!!! Forgiving isfine but complacent is just too much to ask..I'm thinking..But that's just me.."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "OK, this movie is really funny. Its gross, but funny.Zombies are everywhere but the world goes on business as usual. But there's this strip club whose bidness is suffering until of course Jenna Jameson gets half eaten by a Z, then turns into one and becomes the hottest attraction around, along with several other zombie strippers. I have to admit, they're pretty hot. Jenna was a lot hotter before she became a twig. WTF???Anyway, the funniest part of the movie is when an Army zombie is eating Jenna Jameson on stage and her boyfriend/hubby whatever Tito Ortiz who is a bouncer at the club runs out the door rather than sticking around to protect his womern. Hilarious! BTW, this movie looks great on DVD, very nice production. 3 Singles."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "An essay by David Mamet turned me on to George V. Higgins, and, completest that I am, I devoured all his novels.  He is the smartest dialogue writer I have ever read.  Last year's &#34;Killing Them Softly&#34; got the wit, zing, and poetry just right, and the delivery by Brad Pitt and James Gandolfini was  amazing.Robert Mitchum is more realistic in his approach, so, while the dialogue is not delivered with the great timing of Pitt and Gandolfini, his physical presence is completely believable as the low-level mobster, Eddie Coyle.Otherwise, kind of plodding."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Is what the producers named this season as it answers the questions from season four.However, this season creates new questions for season 6.The result is a shorter season, 18 episodes instead of the standard 24, which is an almost perfect bridge between seasons four and six.The main story line is Director Shepard's pursuit of an arms dealer code name La Grenouille.This is complicated by her personal considerations and a possible link between La Grenouille and the CIA.Several excellent stories looking at our military trying to deal with multiple wars and cultures support this main story.All of this results in an entertaining season of excellent mysteries, great characters with a solid on-going story.While this is a season of answers their are new questions for next year."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Engrossing and spectacularly produced, to be enjoyed as entertainment, not history, as it contains many errors of fact. For instance, the writers throw in a couple of completely fabricated homosexual affairs, seemingly just for the hell of it. And a fabricated murder of a royal, married to the (historically) wrong princess. And some of the timelines are messed up. And the series starts with the murder of someone who wasn't murdered. And completely wrong on a suicide and someone going crazy.But, due to its contemporary feel, it succeeds in getting the viewer interested in this period of history, if nothing more than to check up on its accuracy."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Tina Fey is an intelligent (read: thinking) Lucille Ball. In her zany skits and amongst her madcap crew there can be a redeeming moral found - life lessons if you would. For instance how to handle homosexuals who all seem to believe that if you don't allow their advances that makes you a hater not so. I don't care what sort of perversion that you practice behind closed doors as long as your not practicing them on my children or putting in my face. Jane Krakowski plays a self-involved actress that epitomizes America today and of course Alec Baldwin represents everything wrong with capitalissssm.edit: For instance, how to handle unwanted advances from homosexuals. How to recognize situations where your child's innocence could be compromised by pack leaders, teachers and other people in authority."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's more of the same, but as with GET SMART, no one's willing to say, Enough!This season, romances are on again, off again, but Pam and Jim are happy and in love. A new manager forces Michael to establish his own paper company, and two of the staff join him in a converted bathroom office to wage a war with Dunder Mifflin, a war that goes surprisingly well. Still, in the end, it's just more of the same, but because we like the characters and the gags, we endure the frequent embarrassment in places.As usual, the best parts are Jim's relentless assaults on Dwight. Most of these take place in the prologues. This season is worth watching, but you can probably put off owning them until they drop in price. Or, you may be happy stopping at Season 4. It really doesn't get much different."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Little Bear and his friends - Owl, Duck, Cat, etc. are lovable and cute - the stories are engaging and make for fun viewing for little ones. Little Bear is one those kids' shows that you don't feel guilty letting your young child watch - it has good language, endearing characters that appeal to young children, and good production values without over-loud music and garish colors.The language is clean, and the characters, i.e. Little Bear and friends, are truly endearing. My first-grader loved watching the episodes when she was three. This is a good production for young children. Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "By no means is this the best documentary on legendary movie actress Joan Crawford it is nevertheless an interesting insight into how Lucille Leseur became Joan Crawford and went from nothing to being the highest-paid actress in Hollywood during the 1930's. With some rare interviews with those who knew her \"Always The Star\" concentrates more on Joan's acting career than her personal life. Having shot over 80 films, numerous television guest-star spots, commercials and winning the coveted Academy Award, Joan Crawford is cemented as one (if not the best) actresses in Hollywood history."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "because, as one of the extra bits shows the storyline was starting to take a very dark turn. Another complaint I have is the introduction of several new characters, never to be heard from in following seasons. Claire Benet.'s flying boyfriend?, watch him here- he's not in 3rd season, no explanation. Wasn't the son of Ali Larter's character named Micah?, his Black relatives are introduced here, not one word about any of them next season.I have a feeling that if this season had gone full length the series might've had an even shorter run."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I don't like this season as much, because D'Onofrio is less hot, but the writing is better. However, Vince letting himself go just makes me feel a little sad inside. &#34;Seasons change... people change... &#34; If only he had valued his hotness. :/Anyway, Eames continues to be awesome, but this is the season where Vince had a breakdown and they had to bring in some other cops. DUN DUN! I really don't like the episodes with Chris Noth and his little freckle-boy-woman. Whatever. Chris Noth is okay, but he's no Vincent D'Onofrio. Chasing his &#34;white whale,' Nicole Wallace, comes to a sickening conclusion."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "It's one thing to speculate; it's another to make a ridiculous statement: &#34;Moses was the only person to ever see God.&#34; Wow - hubris, move over! a new low in standards of broadcasting. This entire series has been great to watch (the Romans was excellent, and Martin Luther was too) but I stopped dead in my tracks and hit the stop button on the intro to this one - reading the other reviews, there's a lot to be avoided in this episode - I have no idea what they were thinking when they wrote this, but just bad writing ruined it. &#34;One nation conquered over and over was the Israelites; no people in history were more likely to be forgotten.&#34; What? Plain crap. Bad history. Not true, and it doesn't end there, they go on and on, and do very little objective &#34;history.&#34; Don't dump the series, just skip this clunker!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Series storyline is a somewhat offbeat treatment of revenge and personal growth. Several characters that evolved during season one continue as Charlie Crews closes on his quest to fine the people who framed him so well he spent eleven years in prison. Charlie is a very good homicide detective who solves cases with his partner, Dani Reese, while pursuing his quest. Dani has hidden problems that in a strange way make her a good partner for Crews. Crews' Zen outlook and a few million from the wrongful imprisonment settlement with LAPD add a nice spice of fantastic cars and oriental philosophy. The supporting characters as well as the overall writing are strong and provide very enjoyable hour long episodes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The same exciting cast, with Kadee Strickland (Charlotte King) offering the best performance.  However, there are signs of fatigue among the show's writers:  Many episodes are downright depressing, characters have more or less all slept with each other, and many twists in the plot are difficult to believe.  For example, why would a doctor recommend a procedure that puts his patient at a major risk of dying?  Why would a hospital administrator allow a relative to get into a patient's room, in defiance of a judge's order, knowing that the relative will unplug the machine?  Can a surgeon in the middle of a procedure decide to stop and have his patient die because he just found out that the patient was the cause of an accident involving the surgeon's daughter? Have the writers never heard of lawyers? Have they no knowledge of the hippocratic oath? And, what's with the cat??!!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "When this show came out on TV I tried to watch every episode, but life sometimes got in the way.  Watching every episode on Amazon Prime is the perfect way to enjoy the work of the writers and splendid actors without having to miss key elements in the story.  They did a teriffic job and I just wish they had had the OK to make more episodes before the show was shut down.  Of course nuclear war is the nightmare that no one in their right mind ever wants to happen.  But as the story shows, the human spirit can rise above great tragedy and rebuild."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I am absolutely Stunned by This Movie directed by John Woo...This film is a beautiful film which I have to say deservers *5* Stars!!!It is a beautiful retelling of the Red Cliff Wars in 208 AD in China.  All of the actors werereally Great.  I wish I had the whole version of this movie, but alas,I only have the American Version that only runs for 148 minutes.  I hear thismovie is actually 4.5 hours long.  But I like the American Version just as well (because you can hear it in English)"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "As good if not better than Covert Affairs or Person of Interest  and Rizzoli & Iyles but with far more interesting characters and storylines. Strikes a nice balance between mystery and humor and the frustrations of love. The Networks are too busy with reality tv CW, Netflix, Amazon HULU make this happen. One refreshing note among many, how realistic to see Logan put his hand on the wall when they we r e going to kiss after he embraced her. Instead of the usual &#34;slam her head against the wall&#34; (Arrow). Not being familiar with the show, I robowatched the 3 seasons on Amazon Prime and then opted to purchase the movie on Instant Video to watch at my leisure. It's great to be able to buy a movie while it's in the theater."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Why oh why only seven episodes?  This is a great and addictive series that leaves you hungry for more. Ah, but maybe that's the idea.  Bryan Cranston is absolutely fearless as the cancer stricken high school chem teacher who has a lovely wife, a bright disabled son, and a daughter on the way.  He's also got a brother in law who is in law enforcement, and a talent for cooking meth that makes him a legend in Albuquerque.  Meth means money, and money means the best in chemo and other treatments.  Of course, it also means dangerous company, accidents and other physical dangers, and lots of pressure to produce more meth.minor spoiler below.....Cranston is also heartbreakingly good in the intervention scene, in which he at first lays out his case for not wanting to be sickened by the treatments...before he changes his mind.Very strong episodes."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I found myself becoming more interested as the plot lines evolved. The new show has brought in more technology than the original series, while keeping the theme similar. This version is darker and has more edge than the first series. The younger sister started out slightly shallow, but the need of having her watched by older adults was addressed early on in the series Now I think that both \"sisters\" are developing their sibling roles nicely. The actors that support Michelle Ryan have developed into a fine ensemble of people. I would like to see more of Mark Sheppard in future episodes. There are also danglers of plot in each episode. I hope the show continues. It has turned out to be a show I look forward to watching on my PC."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is another of those indy films that is so good it is difficult to watch.  Fanning is a young girl on the verge of adolescence, who has that natural talent for singing that so many children lose.  She lives in a vivid rural milieu with a father who is a heavy drinker and an absent mother.  Her friends include a neighbor boy and a wonderfully lively group of southern blacks, whom she accompanies as an elvis singer.  It is warm and she is evidently going to become an extraordinary beauty.However, she is introduced to sex at too early an age.  This is not, as some reviewers have claimed, about early sexuality - there is nothing titillating about it whatsoever.  Indeed, completely unprepared, the theme of the story is that it nearly breaks her spirit.  It is about the possibility of healing and it is extremely, graphically realistic.  Fanning's performance was, in my opinion, oscar-worthy.Warmly recommended.  Just be prepared for stark realism."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "The characters were fun and had their various flaws. I hate that this show was cancelled before the writers could explore the flaws. Although the show seemed written around Renner/Tamblyn as the primary cop-couple, each cop-couple seemed pretty interesting and there was a lot to explore in their various relationships.In the end, I think my favorite character was going to be the recurring character of Marvin. The two episodes that he was in were fun and he was great as a sympathetic criminal. Too bad this show didn't get a chance to develop. Dumb decision makers!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I just wrapped up viewing the last of the Veronica Mars TV shows.  Had to get through all three seasons before watching the new VM movie.  Next to Firefly (another too soon canceled TV show), Veronica Mars is the best thing I've watched in a long time.  Highly recommended.  Great acting, superb writing, excellent &#34;snarkiness&#34; to keep things entertaining and moving along.  I have to say that they actually did a pretty good job of wrapping up entire season with the last episode."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Best Dr. Who episode ever, and the saddest. I hate to see Davd Tennant leave. A great actor, who brought a much needed emotional depth to the Doctor. With David Tennant's Doctor, you could see the Joy, Agony, sadness, anger, and sometimes the helplessness of the Doctor. The new Doctor is okay, but lacks that emotional connection, and he is a little too nerdy but not as much as the 7th Doctor. I do wish the producers had explained who the time lord women was to the Doctor?  I know some people did not like how David Tennant Doctor said \"I'am Sorry\" to those he could not help, but I think that just showed his humanity, what was he suppose to say \"Oh well, just your luck\". I for one liked his emotional attachmet."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I was so sorry to find out that this show was not continued.  It is wrapped up a bit. but it was really good with great character development and storyline.  I enjoyed all of it.At first I thought it was going to be cheesy... but it wasn't.  Yeah, there was some stuff that didn't make sense... like that despite no electricity, the women all had perfect hair.  Really silly... oh and they all dressed great despite the fact that they had no access to the outside world and no way to wash or iron clothing.  That was also silly.  But I overlooked that because it was really a good show and fun and exciting."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "Season Three continues right where season 2 left off at.  With the Cylon occupation in full force and the pressure being on for the colonists of New Caprica and the President Gaius Baltar.  Fans of the show before won't be disappointed with plenty of action between the various characters and the Cylons (them having their issues themselves).The Cylons attempt to make peace with the colonists by starting up a police force made up of colonists of New Caprica.  It just insights the rebels as many view the new police as traitors conspiring with the Cylons.More background of the characters are revealed and the tensions are flaring over Baltar's impending trial for crimes against the colonists that will seperate people and thrust them onto opposing sides with varying views on death being the penalty and others wanting the justice system to actually do what it should do.  If anything Season 3 of BG continues to do what a lot of shows can't...be consisent."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "We enjoyed the first one more, which is funny since we noticed and bought the 1st movie based on our purchase of this one.The problem is they did such a great job with the first one that they needed to reach a bit higher with the second one and didn't achieve this, imo.What I would recommend is owning both & watching them one after the other since Ultimatum immediately takes off from the first one and resumes the story line.As a set, I'm glad I have both as it makes for a complete evening's entertainment.You certainly can't complain about the stunts, they're terrific."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This short (13 episodes) first season of Lie To Me was a big surprise to me. The show format and concept of the stories are not particularly groundbreaking, but good scripts, superb acting and a likeable ensemble cast make it above average (in my opinion).Kelli Williams is simply breathtaking as Dr. Gillian Foster. She's gorgeous, mature, self-assured without being cocky. Tim Roth, that did not need to prove anything, once again show his talent.This is the kind of DVD set to watch in one week maximum!I don't know why Season One was so short."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I watched this series when it was primetime but due to work, I missed many episodes. Hate to say I was never a big fan of Tim Roth but I love him in this! He is believable. He is perfect for this part! I find myself watching peoples faces and expressions more since watching it. I'm not sure if it really works but from what I've seen I think it proves to be true. I like the relationships between the characters and have started on season 2.If you like drama and have an open mind, I think you will enjoy Lie to Me as much as I do."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "After resisting the urge to make big changes in season three, season four changed everything, especially the team that works with House, which took a bit longer than it really needed, but which led to a two-part ending that's among the best episodes the show ever produced. The DVDs look and sound excellent, and the extras are a step up from the previous release, though they are missing a few of the more popular elements from previous sets. Unlike last season, this is a fine opportunity for new fans to jump on board, with a season that's practically self-contained, yet a wonderful continuation on the show's storylines."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "To me, this series can be pretty darn good...I hope they keep it running and not saddle it with idiots and break it as they have done with so many decent tv series that get chopped and cut by studios and then rehashed into dung heap reruns...this series is a pretty good one which I can personally relate to as a medical professional.  Enjoy the show, it is pretty decent...This season was a bit weird not having the old staffers with House but they did some rather odd things and came out ok.  Some of the plot ideas I think could have used some rethinking but they did the student stuff ok overall.  I will be interested to see what happens with the old staffers in the next season."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "... my friend, this is. An almighty business man, accustomed to being sought after for his money or used by competitors, falls in love with a female artist hired to make a fresco for the foyer of his building. Being cautious he sets his spies on her, planting microphones and cameras in her rooms and workrooms, only to be embarrassed when he finds himself in an amorous situation with her, and does not want to be recorded. All the roles are well-played especially by Bonmaire. I think I loved it."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is probably one of the greatest TV series ever made.  It lasted only two years but will be remembered far longer.  The first season covers the period of Ancient Rome from the split between Caesar and Pompey to the murder of Caesar on the senate floor.  The writing and acting is superb and was well thought out.  The creators learned about Roman History and paid attention to fact.  In addition they added two wonderful fictional characters based on real people who are barely known who bumble through the time period experiencing history first hand.  Attia is another character whom history has told us little about and she is fleshed out in the same way.  The fiction and fact meld into a facinating mix of storytelling.  I highly recommend this TV series."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "This is a cute show with cute characters. The premise of the show is always the same...there is a problem for an animal (somewhere in the world) and the three Wonder Pets (after donning their super hero capes and hats) leave the school classroom where they live to save the animal in distress. The colors are vibrant, the graphics are nicely done, and there is always a happy ending! This show has been a big hit with my grand child since she was two years old and I would recommend it!"}
{"label": 0, "raw": "A former student (Beau Bridges) returns to his old Catholic prep school after ten years, this time as the new Gym teacher, Mr. Reese. His free-spirited approach is in sharp contrast to the dire mood he finds, especially from the sour Latin teacher, Mr. Jerome (James Mason- LOLITA, JOURNEY TO THE CENTER OF THE EARTH). Reese quickly discovers a dark secret among the students. For some reason, simple pranks have escalated into dangerous acts of brutality. Just what has Reese stumbled into? After allying himself w/ the kindly Mr. Dobbs (Robert Preston), Reese tries to solve the mystery behind the almost ritualistic violence. Can they get to the truth before someone is killed? Meanwhile, Jerome seems to mentally disintegrate before their eyes. CHILD'S PLAY is a deceptively calm film full of macabre atmosphere and sacrilegious imagery. The fiendish finale is perfectly bleak and disturbing..."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "They really missed an opportunity here.The background story is great; model dies, and comes back in the body of an overweight, brilliant lawyer.There's no real storyline. The model is going through some crisis over her changed identity, a client shows up with a  problem that relates to what she is going through, she wins the case.That pretty much sums up every episode.The end of the season finale was intriguing so I'll probably watch season two but if it doesn't pick up I won't bother with the other seasons."}
{"label": 0, "raw": "I show parts of this show in my US History class near the end of the year.  It is what I personally think is a good representation of what would happen to humanity if parts of the country fell apart.  There are flaws in some of the physics but I can live with that.  I deal more with the psychology of the whole thing and how people would react to an American ending event.  Story is excellent and the acting is really good.  The second season was short and wasnt as edgy as the first season but a lot of unanswered questions are answered and all in all it was a good season."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Amazon has earned my respect with this app. This isn't the old amazon mp3 player which wasn't bad but nothin special just like itunes with cheaper albums most of the time, but now this is the future of music in my honest opinion. The cloud player service makes this the best thing to happen to music in a long. Now you can upload all your music to there website and have access to all your music without taking up space on your devices anymore. Also great if you like me always have to transfer song from multiple devices now you can just upload or buy from amazon have access to everything instantly from any device that can use the service. Android phone/tablet pc or MAC computer. So you get to keep your music forever unlike itunes one time purchase and goodlook with keep your music safe. See even if you music device fails you instantly have all your music back.Thanks for making something we always needed."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "first I would like to thank all my friends at amazon for the well wishes on a speedy recovery. I couldn't do it without you. today I left the hospital and on my way home I downloaded the faotd because it looked interesting. well im glad I did. when I got to the garage at me apartment I realized that about 1000 people must have moved im and all their cars were everywhere. so I grabbed my phone and started practicing after about level 14 I realized what I needed to do to get my car in a spot. thanks amazon I just wish everybody in my apartment building had this to so we could keep the garage organized."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I did have this app and have since deleted it AS MUCH AS I CAN.It seems it will not delete fully and I am . frankly, sick of trying all ways to GET RID OF IT!I deleted from apps.I deleted from cloud.I deleted it from manage your kindle.I deleted it from the apps in my kindle fire hd 7 inch (the settings sections) and it still shows as taking up over 8 MB of my kindle space.I wish to remove it please.It seems then that this app is invasive in some way and my extra app uninstaller and my virus/malware protection devices do not help either.I really would like to award this no stars at all with all the trouble it has caused AND CONTINUES TO BE WITH ME despite my best efforts."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "My daughter got this game for  her Kindle Fire, and we've played many times together.  The only thing I DON'T like about it is that if you want to jump more than one space at a time, you actually have to get permission from your opponent!  A box comes up asking if it's okay to jump more than once and if you hit no, then you can only jump once.  I don't think you should have to get permission on a game like this because you can use it against the other person, and the rules of the game are that you CAN jump more than once, period!  Other than that, it's a good game of checkers without the cats knocking the pieces all over the room!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I enter the food I eat each time I eat something and it figures how many calories sms how many I have left. There is a huge database of food, so search and find what you are looking for. Keeps track of exercising and calories burned. Even allows you to list the vitamins and supplements you take! The neatest feature is scanning the barcode of your supplements and foods -it's that easy!The only reason I didn't give it five stars it's because the amazon version is an older version - there it's a newer version on android market. I would get it from there since you can't update the amazon version on android market. Once you get a lot of info entered into the program, you won't want to lose it to delete and re download from android market."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "You know why you can't get it on Kindle Fire? It doesn't have a camera, and all devices you can download on do. It utilizes the camera without you knowing, and it identifies the object and says the word. This explains why it needs so much information- it wires to the camera. I didn't realize this until I read you couldn't get it on the fire and it uses a lot of info. If you don't beleive me, you don't, but an app can't utilize 1,000-5,000 dollar equipment."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "okay so I was at my great grandmas house and I put it by her doll case (she makes dolls by hand) and 6 dots showed up and it said &quot;child&quot; and that was reallllly creepy. I think it works I just like it because its entertaining. I just did it again and a red dot showed up in my room and it said &quot;yard&quot; and that's where my dog Is burried. I loved my dog a lot too. he died in December. first day of winter break at school. (he was a Corgi blue healer mix so he was like a giant corgi)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm assuming this application is a work in progress, as there are currently an odd mix of restaurants. The major places are covered of course, along with some various other places I'm not familiar with. If the dev continues to add to this list, it could prove to be a very extensive resource!The ability to sort by macronutrient or name is very cool. Good idea.The inclusion of some of the chain restaurants that aren't fast food would be very nice. I see applebees is there so it looks to be in the works.A utility in the program to request restaurants to add or even reference sources such as a url or something to make it easier for the dev to find and add more places would be icing on the cake.Cool application. I hope to see it grow.  For the health conscious out there, it's a no brainer on this free day!  (Thanks Amazon!)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This dev can do much better - check the features for the iPhone version. I concur with the critical reviews this has been getting.  This has a decent # of restaurants and the ability to sort by various fields (calories, etc.), but definitely needs way more. It doesn't actually count anything; you can't change menu items to subtract items like mayo(which many websites do); there's no real size selection; it is missing key details like saturated fat, sodium, & sugar; other reviews have noted inaccuracies & that it is out of date on some items; needs app 2 sd card; it should also have a \"favorites\" option for restaurants & menu items for quick look-up. Clearly an app like this is much-needed, but this doesn't fill the void. Other reviewers suggested My Fitness Pal, Calorie Counter & MyNetDiary apps; I'm going to check them out."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Easily the best radio app I've seen. I replaced Slacker Radio and Scanner Radio with TuneIn as it does everything that both apps do better, and without any of the artificial limitations placed on most free apps. It certainly encouraged me to purchase the paid version. There is also no intrusive / annoying advertising.Pros:-- Wide selection of Radio stations, emergency bands, online streams, etc.-- No annoying advertising.-- No features advocating the paid version (features not available in the free version are taken out, and don't get in your way or pop up asking you to upgrade).-- UI is well done, and always keeps the currently playing station handy at the bottom so you can stop and start it quickly.Cons:-- None that I can honestly list as cons. It would be nice to be able to record radio, however, as this is in the paid version I can't honestly list it as a con."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "don't get its like a wigi board a portal from the spirit world the ghost(s) will follow you and the people you share this app with everywhere you go and haunt you and friends I have been seeing things and so have my friends. I've been seeing a blue orb, my friend is hearing foot steps outside her room when there's nobody outside her room and she's seeing a girl in the middle of the night, our other friend is seeing buses on a brick wall and a black mist, our other friend is seeing fugues, and our final friend is also seeing buses on the same brick wall. DO NOT GET THIS APP!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Out of all the things I have put on my Kindle this is by far the best.  A fellow teacher had her son and mother-in-law with her at school one day.  My grandson is the same age as her son.  We were talking about apps and games for our three-year-olds.  Her mother-in-law recommended this game.  I got it for my grandsons (both age 3) to play when visiting. After my son saw it he purchased it for his son.  It is educational, fun and they learn to play it as they go.  This should be a must on every tablet, computer or other device if you have preschoolers."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app used to work great for me. I searched out many spirits, most of whom became fast friends (well, some of them were a bit decayed and they weren't so fast).My issues began after my recent demise in a construction accident. I wound up in a number of pieces. It can be quite challenging to keep track of all of them. This application does an adequate job of finding the big pieces like my legs but isn't sensitive enough for my fingers and nose. Since the little pieces are the ones that usually get lost, this is a serious drawback."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Why??? Runs horribly now even on a dual core and is literally 10 times larger than a year ago and for what? Please, please stop this and optimize this app!!!! I hate giving it one star but there is no excuse for this. And WHY do you store the book data in the app/system space instead of of user/sdcard storage space? AND when one deletes (archives) a book, why doesn't the app remove it from local storage? Why are these very basic housekeeping functions and storage decisions so poorly implemented? :("}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this app because my 2 year old daughter loves the song. I found that the audio could have been clearer. They also could have had better or more tune options, they only offered 'rock', country', and 'pop', which I thought were horrible for this children's song. I do like that it's interactive. Everything you touch in the room does something different. Phone rings, dog chases the cat, door opens, clock goes off, etc.....neat. My daughter also enjoys all the other interactive features it has other than the monkeys falling off the bed. &#34;Wheels on the bus&#34; app by &#34;duck duck moose&#34; ranks higher because you have much more options like changing the language, gender voice options, instrumental, and self record which my daughter finds hilarious when she hears her own voice.  Overall it's ok and she likes to see the monkeys fall off the bed."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I use to pay for a TV Guide Magazine subscription until I found this app. This little app is excellent for those who just want to know what your listings are. It's easy to use. You can look ahead to see what is coming on later in the day, or the next day.I would give it a 5 star rating if it weren't for the fact that the app can be buggy on occasion. But hey --- it's free and it's so good in so many other ways, I'm not going to complain too much."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I play this with my 5 year old daughter. Sometimes we take turns on each screen, or we help each other work the screen out. To play, you have to join the objects, with none being left over by the end, and if you get it wrong, you just shake the kindle and the level replays. The only issue I have is that as the level changes, it's not always intuitive what you should do, so there's trial and error involved, but even that is pretty fun. We both really enjoy this game."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "'The Secret of Grisly Manor' is one of those room-escape style games where instead of breaking out, you're breaking in and exploring. The puzzles and item usage is pretty standard for a game like this.I wouldn't say that the game is too short like some of the other reviews here, but I would say that once you've beaten it the first time, there's no point in replaying it because there aren't any puzzles that will take you long to beat again or any game mechanics you'll forget and have fun relearning."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have a Motorola ATRIX and just got the 2.3.4 Gingerbread update. IMHO this update makes this program unnecessary. I spent hours working to get the dxTop close to what I already had with the Android OS and the dxTop was still inferior. To make matters worse is that a few hours later, the dxTop lost my settings, so I would have had to do it all over again. I uninstalled it and am quite happy to be using the Android homepage once again. I am glad that I got it free or I would have been upset. Perhaps a more seasoned pro could make it work, but for me, no thanks."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded this app to my Kindle Fire.  It is loaded with useful information and pretty easy to use.  It does not come with any detail instructions or help menu on how to use, but most of it is self-apparent.. Much detail information about the house being looked at can be seen by scrolling down the pop-up window that opens when a home in the map is clicked-on.  I did find-out by hapenstance that when a home for sale has associated pictures in this pop-up, they can be viewed full-screen by clicking (just once) on one of them.Unfortunately, when I checked my neighborhood for housing activity I was surprised to find that one home that sold recently, and another that has been on the market for a few weeks now were not identified as such (and yes I preset the Zillow filter to include homes for sale and those recently sold)."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "this is very spooky and when I purchased this app I just moved in to a mansion and it said the words kill and prince so I killed my pet tarantulla princess and my principal in her sleep sorry Ms bolte btw and right after I killed them I saw the ghost of my principal in my mansion located nowhere near were she lived and my pet tarantulla attacked me and I have bite marks on my back and arms and hands. so we moved and I still have marks. btw I went to juvenile prison.I still regret itthey still haunt meyou can feel the PAIN"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this as the FAOTD a few days ago, and have been addicted ever since.  I still havent beaten the game, but I think I want to unlock all the planes and this is just anperfect time waster.  I can assure you that this is more than worth the purchase price.Good:*Gameplay is simple enough to jump right in, but deep enough that you don't get bored.*Loads of planes to unlock, and each one plays differently combining one of 7 different weapons with varrying levels of turn, speed, and health.*The mix of enemies on each wave is often challenging, sometimes sending you back to previous levels to unlock a better plane.*Multiplayer (haven't personally tried)Bad:*doesm't look like it would work well on a phone*occasionally the controls lock up, but that might just be my tablet."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love playing backgammon but I have a hard time finding people in my house that like to play it as well. I love having this app on my Kindle Fire. It plays smoothly, offers five levels of difficulty and and can be a challenge.I tend to play risky and most of the time it pays off. But the programming gets the best of me sometimes and I have to yell at my Kindle and tell the game is it not playing nicely. Even though I often play mean. Maybe that's why others don't want to play with me? Hmmmm.A fun app that lets you chose whether your black or white (if you chose white you have to play upside down) and offers a doubling dice."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I recently acquired some belongings of a world war II fighter pilot and stored them in my basement. since then I have noticed odd things happening down there. I decided to test this. for two nights I launched the app in different areas of the house. nothing happened. I then took it downstairs and launched near the pilots belongings. I got a green dot and the word massage came up. I looked down and my cat was at my feet. my mother then told me to come upstairs but I didn't want to. the green dot turned red and the word torn appeared. FREAKING AWESOME!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Was looking for a game my 3 year old could play.  It's a little complex at times on very easy due to narrow gaps, but I think he had fun with it as did I.  No excessive permissions, opted out of the social plugin.  Graphics are fun as the walls give a shift in perspective making a 3d feel as you look done.  Recommend for something to pick up and play quick without feeling like you have to play longer unless you want to.  Check it out while it's free!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Interesting puzzle kinda game.  Its fairly short (about under an hour long), not too difficult either.  I personally enjoyed it while it lasted.For everyone that says it Forces Closes, the same happened to me on my Epic 4G.  All I had to do, was simply slide my keyboard open and start the game and voila!  When I close the keyboard at any time, it FC's though. (If you dont have a slide-out keyboard, maybe you can force your phone to display in landscape prior to running it)I hope that helps any FC errors and allows everyone to enjoy this game :-)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have tried almost every sync app out there for android.  My criteria are that it must sync ratings both ways, work with smart play lists in iTunes, sync play counts, and be user friendly.  I found nothing else even close to this app.  I use the WiFi sync add-on with this. I once had a problem with a non US phone, and the developers fixed the problem immediately.  Very responsive.  Bought it here in Amazon because the other market doesn't work when I travel...  No complaints after almost 1 year."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "For starters, it's a top quality app for free. On my Kindle Fire HD, a recent update makes it perform outstandingly & without fault. I very much like the organization & selection of worldwide music with a huge range of categories. Features & functions as a clock-radio and a purchase interface have been outstanding. Battery usage is minimal. It plays for hours as I fall asleep with a darkened screen and hardly any impact on the battery whatsoever. I like the ability to create a &#34;favorites&#34; list and the &#34;car&#34; mode is super. It's hard to imagine the &#34;pay-for&#34; version being much better."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Got this app about 2 weeks ago and I am trying to be more aware of calories and lose a couple of pounds. Just in this short time I've been logging foods I've lost 6 lbs and now have a easy to pull up list of my own \"regulars\" and its gotten easier as my list goes. I highly recommend this app to anyone wanting to lose weight and can be serious about it and honest with yourself about what you are doing. No need to change what you are used to eating but as you begin this you will find you are much more conscience about how many calories are in the tiniest things so that you will want to change how unhealthy eating is affecting you. Good luck to you in this venture to be healthier and since you have found yourself here reading this I truly hope and pray you much success and a long healthy life."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "First of all, thank you for being free and virtually popup commercial freethe setup is sahweet !You press the little heart shaped button to add a certain station to your presets or favoritesYou can also like or favorite a song playing that catches your ear (if it has that option, depends really) then you can go back to the list of songs you've accumulated then do further researchyou can go to your recently played just in case you forgot to save a stationyou can browse for radio stations allover the world.. including podcastsyou need wifi for this app but that's a given"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Ugh. I had always just had the default interface and felt it was fine, but my brother does a lot of customizing with his myTouch 4G, so I thought, &quot;Eh, why not try it out?&quot; Never again will I try to change the home layout. This app is so clunky! I hated every interaction I had with it, and I can't believe anybody would pay $3 for this piece of crap.Do yourself a favor and leave this one alone. Terrible, terrible, terrible."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I Love my music so much, and this app after being updated is one of the best ever now!!. You will simply love all the options and free music, and channels it has. You name it, it's in here: Talk, rock, sports, the list goes on forever!!. This is the ITunes app for kindle fire. I love it and hope you will too, but never forget: Life is EZ, when you SEEK, for all your (Must Have) apps, and information.. Dont delay, rock today!!!.. :-)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was worried about this game playing on my Kindle Fire but it played beautifully. I see a lot of complaints about it being too short and it is a bit quickly played only if you're familiar with this type of game. Besides the game is only  49&cent;. I just wish it was longer because it was so fun. I did need online help with some of it. For players new to this type of game, ignore nothing and tap on every inch of the screen because if you don't you will feel like a complete idiot when you get help and realize the answers are staring you in the face. I know I did."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've had the Kindle app on my EVO phone since last November, about ten minutes after I got the phone. The app works smoothly, and I've had no problems with it at all. I enjoy having some books with me on my phone; it's surprising how often I read something using the Kindle app on my phone when I'm waiting for an appointment somewhere. I still carry and use my Kindle 3, but this app has turned my phone into a very handy supplement to the Kindle. Syncing to the \"furthest location read\" between and among my Kindle-equipped devices has always been easy and accurate."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I really love this game or the japanesse version Nectaris. I regret the screen is for this specific app reduced for cellphones and not customized for tablets. Also the levels are not so great than the original nectaris-pc engine or Turbografx16 neither the PC/DOS version which is my favorite so far however I need to have a DOS emulator to play it. Still this is a very good alternative for mobiles and not so great on tablets. Another alternative is to get the PCE EMU and get the Turbografx rom (if you own it as I do ) but again for a cellphone this is great app"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Downloaded this when it was the FAOTD.  I've been using a planner to keep up with the budgets because I don't like programs that require access to my bank account, and because things take forever to clear that way.  I much prefer to keep track manually, so this was perfect for me.  I wish that there were bi-monthly options for payment and budgeting, and I only started actually using it on my Kindle Fire for a couple of days, but so far, bug-free and very handy!  The only other issue... $10 is a little high.  I never would have tried it if it weren't free."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This \"Moon Phase\" app has a lot of nice features, showing the current phase of the moon in your location and has a calendar function to show the phase on any given day, forward or back in time. Besides making good \"Wallpaper\", this is great for planning star gazing nights since you can see if the moon is going to be bright. The \"Cheese Mode\" is fun, but I will not be using it regularly.The app installs and runs perfectly on my HTC EVO and Kindle Fire.Highly Recommended!CFH"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The radar shows up and dots come up to show there is ghosts there. After a couple ghosts appear, your kindle or phone will start to say words. The first word my kindle said was construction. Later that day, I saw on the news that someone died in a construction accident near my house that day!  AHHHHHHH!!!! IT WAS TOTALLY CREEPY!!!!! If get creeped out easily don't get this app if you don't get creeped out you'll still get scared! BEWARE!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is okay. I've only listened to a couple of stations and they're not quite what I expected, especially for a paid app.I tried the Irish Pub station and was really expecting more pub like music. Not everything I listened to was really what I would define as &quot;pub&quot; music, which I would define as something you'd hear at an Irish session.I also tried the Wacken station because I thought it'd have a decent selection of heavy metal. I haven't had time to listen it a lot, but I thought the Pogues was an interesting choice for a metal channel.Anyways, these seem like random Internet channels and I'm entirely convinced that all of them are good. Maybe it's just what I'm into. I'll play around with it more and see where it ends up."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I used to have the Kindle app on my old computer--never had a problem.Now on my new computer, and also on my android phone, I cannot sign into it.  It does not recognize the information when I try to log on (both are correct, I've quadruple checked, and I use them everyday on Amazon.com).  I plan to get an iPad in the near future to replace the Kindle Fire HD (which is as glitchy as can be) and when I do, how will I read my Kindle books if the app acts the same on the iPad?  Guess I'll be getting my books at iTunes, even though I'd rather not.I'm actually a huge fan of Amazon, but recent experiences are souring me, because of their software issues, and a couple of bad calls to customer service.  I miss the Amazon of two years ago.  :-(A Kindle app I can't sign into is pretty much useless."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Quality sound, easy to find music can be sorted by artist, genre, or song title.  Each genre seems to have a good variety of stations to choose from.  It is also easy to switch from station!  It is easy to use and you can leave it turned on while you switch to reading a book or a magazine.  This offers every type of music from classical to country.  There is nothing about this app that I did not like.This is one of my favorite apps."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app provides ample sudoku puzzles at several levels (Picnic, Simple, Easy, Moderate, Intricate, Difficult, Annoying, Devious, Fiendish, Diabolical, Nightmare) of play.There are no ads, unobtrusive or otherwise. (C'mon guys- an ad is by definition obtrusive!)It has a simple, clean interface. The default for the \"Another\" button a new game at the same complexity level as the last one.It does not require network access in order to play.Best of all it runs on my Galaxy Tab 2 just as Amazon's compatability sidebar said it would. I have removed all the other sudoku games from my device, it's that good!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have a scanner for my local EMS,Fire ,Police , but i wanted the next best thing for my Kindle Fire .. Wow this was all i hoped for i did not know how nation wide these scanners could be . I'm a Firefighter and can usually know when were going to get paged out before my pager ever goes off . I just like to be in the know before the heart starts racing . You wont believe the clarity of this app. I now know its what ive been missing .Its like the police, ems, are outside my door clear and unwavering reception ! If your a pro or just someone who likes to keep  up on whats going on in the neighborhood you need this app. !  No problems w/ local channels and or nation wide coverage great app thanks !!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Okay, well I suppose this app would be okay (actually it would probably be my favorite password manager) if it weren't for the fact that it let's the leeboard remember EVERYTHING you type in. For example, I decided to try it & the first thing I did was put in a login/password combo. Well, when I entered my password, it didn't show a blank suggestion bar on my keyboard. It showed my whole password right there for my phone to remember! (Yikes!!) So I haven't used itsince, because I don't trust it to keep my passwords safe."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is an interesting calendar tool and astronomical guide to lunar activity.  On the main screen it shows you what the moon will be like today.  You have to enter in your location to get accurate information.  What I like is that by touching the calendar symbol at the top you get a monthly calendar and it shows the lunar status for every day of the upcoming month.  You can even look months ahead.  If you touch a day the lower  of the screen provides a larger view of the moon on the day you selected.By touching the data button you can review all of the lunar activity for that day with all of the scientific data provided to you.  The place button wants you to enter you location to provide you accurate lunar data.  You also have a clock function in order to advance the data or time to see the changes in the view of the moon.I gave this app 5 stars for the quality of the data provided and its uniqueness. It is interesting!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've played a few labyrinth type games and this one of the better ones.  The 3D is a little misleading because 3D cell phones are coming out and this does not take advantage of that feature.  It is only 3D in that it moves around several dimensions and isn't flat.The game is pretty responsive and I didn't notice any lag.  The challenges are some of the better ones I've seen.  This was actually a lot more fun than other Labyrinth games I've played and it kept my interest far longer."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "My son and I really enjoy this tower defense game (I love the genre), and spent many hours over the past year or so playing it.  Yes, the graphics are a bit simple, and it isn't the best TD game out there, but it has been a nice addition to the library.  In my opinion, the 1-star reviews are unwarranted, and should be reserved for apps that really should be avoided.As for the permissions, this one really doesn't have any to speak of, so that's definitely a plus!Is it worth $3?  As much as we've enjoyed and played it, I'd say in hindsight yes."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I give it 3 rather than 5 stars because it does work very well, however the installation process is not straight forward if you need to set it up using a web browser rather than pushing a WPS button on your router. In Method 2 &#62;&#62; Setup via Web Browser in Step 3 you are directed to a web site to complete the process. That web site is for sale. The Tech Support number takes you to China and while they were helpful in getting me set up, they are more demanding and fast paced than I prefer.If your router has a WPS button to connect devices to your network this is a good device at a good price."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It does a decent job with just searching, so props for that..I guess. It's ok for price comparing, but there are apps that do just that better. Lacks a lot of the convenience amazon is known for. Can't really just browse, which for an app, thats exactly what i'd actually want to do. As other guy mentioned, the permissions this app asks for, a little strange. With that and the overall experience this app feels more like bloatware, something that verizon would stick on a phone, than a clean app that makes my life easier. Lot of potential in a good amazon app, so I hope they put more time into this."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm appalled at the level of ignorance and vitriol in these reviews. How can this app steal contact data when it doesn't have network permission? Access to contact data is required to add birthdays, anniversaries, or appointments. It's a shame that ignorance and anger is leading to fewer developers submitting good apps for FAotD. Amazon app reviews are rife with ignorant trolls who have inflated egos, an unwarranted sense of entitlement, and who aren't half as smart as their smart-phones.This app works great for its intended purpose. It's a handy adjunct to my Google Calendar."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "First you're restricted to the restaurants it has listed (no Red Robin for example). If you do choose from the list you don't get to choose sizes. If you happen to get the only size, it still doesn't count for you, it's just a lookup.Ultimately that's what this app is, a simple online menu lookup for some restaurants with only one size and no descriptions.There is a search feature, but really it's just a filter, you can't search across menus for instance.The first free app of the day where I'm sad that even though it was free to me Amazon is paying the dev 1/5th list price. Sorry Amazon."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Well, I played 40+ puzzles, I guess it can't be bad. You might almost call it addicting. :-) It is a decent puzzle game, but somehow it feels a bit overdone. Can a game be too flashy or frilly?Regardless, this game will keep you occupied. I haven't played any of the other traffic puzzle games to give an accurate comparison. But, if you like puzzles or puzzle games you won't be disappointed getting this one as Free App of the Day. Whether it's worth paying for compared to the free alternatives, I can't say."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "On my moto atrixI still use MS Money.  I have never found another program on my PC or my phone that I enjoy because they are all loaded with so many features.  the beauty of easy money is its simplicity.  I know the only transactions in my ledger are what I put in.  this is what I am looking for in a $ app.no this app doesn't sync or download transactions.  it is a tool that you use to stay organized. this is why I like it.Easy money has not been buggy and it lets me create backup files and that it what is most important to me.thank you handy apps for not making something anymore than what is necessary to stay organized."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Stunning moon images in this very easy to use moon phase app. Controls are easy to find and use. And app is extremely easy to set up. All I had to do was enter my city and state to get the current phase of the moon. The calendar of moon phases is also excellent. You can check the phase of the moon for any day, just for fun I checked what it was when I was born. Also very impressed with the responsiveness of the developer. I would have been happy to pay for this app, but I got it as the free app of the day. Kindle Fire. For a laugh, be sure to check out cheese mode."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I live in a semi-rural county.  Wouldn't think much is going on around here, but with the suburbs on one end and farms on the other and several major roadways crossing the county, its busy.  And fascinating.  Enough for me to find the fire station numbers and listen for the sirens.  When nothing else is going on at home and I'm sitting horsing around on my computer, you can be sure that my phone is propped up next to me with this app running.  If I want to, I can choose many, many more local locations or big ones all around.  Still, for me its fun to listen locally."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "If you want to know what is on your boob tube, as opposed to your YouTube&reg;, you'll want this free Android app. Once you've told it where you live, it'll ask which cable or satellite service you're using (and if you have a telephony-based service like AT&amp;T U-verse&reg;, they've got them too). Once selected, you'll see every channel available and what is on now and the next two programs to come along with their respective times. Select the channel and it'll take you to a screen that shows you what programs will play throughout the day and each with detailed episode description. Now you'll know whether your favorite show is a rerun or worth recording it on TiVo&reg;. While I wish it could allow you to remove channels you don't have (or want), still it's an extremely useful app to make your TV watching more fruitful and enjoyable."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I rarely review apps, but had to on this. I get a little tired of everyone complaining about permissions all the time. If you want games on your phone, that's the name of the game. Some of the most fun games I have, are loaded with invasive permissions. I am not doing this to balance dev reviews, although I believe that is a shady practice by devs. This is an honest review. This game blows. Not even hd graphics like it suggests. Pac man is 2.99, go with that. I installed to see for myself, often reviews are inaccurate. I played the first level, and uninstalled before I got the email from amazon. Not worth the space it takes up."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have this on my Arnova tablet and it works well.  Very easy to use and understand.  Amazon is one of my fav sites and has made my life so much easier.  My only complaint is that on my tablet I cannot read the first or second sentence on the top of each page b/c there is a status bar there.. At one point last week it went away and i had the book on my entire screen but i have no idea how i got it that way and it hasn't happened since then.  If anyone knows how to fix this i would greatly appreciate the help!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It works, it's great to listen to big cities scanner. The only downfall for me personally is there is no scanners in my direct area I can listen to. I do still turn it on from time to time for entertainment/background noise but woudl definitely be more fun if local scanners were included in it. I've had it for quite awhile too and none in my area have been added to the app. It does have a search bar and you can search for any department/area/city....I'd recommend it, just not if you're looking for your city and if you live in the middle of no where!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Great for looking around at Wifi networks, their security levels, channels, strength.Great for walking around your home and determining who's nearby home is interfering with your network, and on what channel you can best set your router.Great for finding dead zones at work, or anywhere.With the optional Connector Library, you can click on a net and connect.There are many tools like this, surely, but this one's simplicity and ease of use (we call that \"usability\" in the biz) put it ahead of the rest."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I finely had a day of peace and quiet to work on my own projects (so I thought) I am sitting at my desk doing paper work for the Music Recording Studio that I own and operate. I had unlocked the door so I could open it to let fresh air flow in the place. Now sitting at my desk doing paper work,  then with out warning four of my friends rushed in scared the heck out of me! They took my phone off my desk and left, to say the least I was not in the mood to chase my phone down! When they returned and gave my phone back, man what a fantastic surprise. I opened my phone to my last screen now loaded with a &#34;full blown&#34; MUSIC RECORDING STUDIO! The main component is the J4T Multi Track Recorder! I spent the rest of the day putting it thru its paces. I was amazed! It performed rather well,  all so very awesome Thank You!  Are there any plans to develop other Gear?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app has a problem. The permissions in the Amazon store version include read and write access, opening network slots, and accessing information about networks. The same app in the Google Market version also asks for information about phone calls, and accesses your phone ID. This is the *same* app with less permissions - why? Obviously the developer was worried that the app wouldn't pass Amazon's reviewers, since it looks like the developer really wants your phone info (why? To sell, would be my guess). So you download this app and soon after you are alerted that there is an update. Of course, the update might be a great way to revert the app to the original permissions that were specified in the Market version.Guess what happens when you update the app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Best streaming radio app ever.  Better than IHeart, Pandora, and even Jango, my previous favorite.  As a Baby Boomer, I can't stand current music and only listen to the music I grew up with. I love the station selection on XiiaLive Pro. It works great on Kindle Fire.  My fave station is Fun 45's.com. If you were born in the 50's,  you'll love it too. Well worth the price.  No adds, no commercials, no problems at all, just great music."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It's not all that sophisticated of an App, but it serves the purpose.  But it works great for me because I use several phones (one for each region I frequently travel to) and it's nice to have my music with me whenever I want to play them.  Best part of it is I don't have to load down the already limited memory of my phones with the entire library.  I can just stream the playlist (or artist, album, etc.) that I want to listen to."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "First, have to mention that if any of you have played the Nancy Drew games they will understand how much easier this is to play.Based a bit on those mysteries, but not with the complex moving around rooms to investigate, the action and finding of clues is entertaining enough and for the price, quite good.  The fact that it was short, played in less than two hours with a granddaughter, by candlelight and flashlight (power outage)  and the ending was a 'cop-out&#34;, caused me to be disappointed.However, I am sure that children and preteens will enjoy it, so based on age I think it will work fine for some.  Being a 79 year oldGreat Granny (who has played mysteries with grandchildren) might not make me the right person to review this adequately, for those of younger ages.  I guess what I am saying, is the challenge is there for the much younger generations, though not necessarily for teenagers."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have tried so many Sudoku games on paper, web and on my Android Tablet. I wanted to learn the game. I always enjoyed the easier games. But none of the other methods guided me like Enjoy Sudoku has. There are so many hints that I can \"hint\" my way through the most difficult Enjoy Sudoku has to offer. Each time I 'cheat' I learn more about methods to achieve a full correct grid.I didn't know until today that there was a paid version. I have been playing the free version all along. For all my enjoyment I bought the paid version and am still as happy with the results. There is no better game out there! I've tried! Maybe someday I will be able to call myself a Sudoku Master! ;)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded this one, because of the star rating. Hm, lol anyway, it really was my first choice, but I chose the glow tic tac toe game because of my six year old niece had the glow one, and, well I just was a copy catter. :-) However, I really wanted this one. I like this one because it reminds me of playing around on the black board in my old childhood days in school. I also like the audience cheering you on when you win or lose sound, compared to the glow tic tac toe game, which doesn't say anything but the plunk sound of the ex and Os, boring! This one makes me smile when I lose :-)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a good game. It is nice to be able to play the game against the computer, because then you don't have to admit to anyone else that you like to play hangman. ;)However, I HATE the font. It's hard to read some of the letters. For example, the \"O\" looks like a diamond that has been hollowed out, and it has four sides. I suppose it is supposed to look like someone chiseled the words out of a rock tablet, but it doesn't, and it's just annoying. When you're using letters to guess a missing word, and you have to keep remembering what the letter you're looking at represents, that's a drawback. With a better font, this game would have rated five stars."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I played this gave with three of the most read people I know.  One had a 10th grade reading level in 4th grade, they couldn't get the answers either.  I think in their effort to not make it too easy, they did the opposite.  You might loose for example, because  the word was a plural and you didn't spell it that way or because you had to live in Africa to even know that animal existed.  I'm sure it will be just what some people want.  Just not me.  I'll stick to scrabble and make words I know with the letters I have."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is one of the first car locator apps on the Android market and since then a lot of features and polish have been added. Many freebie apps have also appeared since then and you can even roll your own with scripting apps like Tasker. The original Car Locator is still the best of the bunch, though. Now that it is the free app of the day, don't bother with any of the others (today anyway).Yes it does ask for a lot of permissions and the Amazon marketplace is really awful about describing those to you before download an app. If you are worried, go to the regular Android marketplace and compare the feature list to the permission list before you download. The permissions are reasonable for the features you are getting."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have a Kindle Fire and I take it with me everywhere I go.  Occasionally, it will run out of battery at a very inconvenient time and I have been able to transition over to continue on my phone very smoothly.Once, horrors, I actually thought the Kindle was in my purse, only to arrive at a restaurant on my own, intending to eat and read, to discover I did not have my Kindle with me.  I was able to move right onto the Kindle app on my Droid and be completely happy.It is a well arranged app - and while not a Kindle, it definitely does the job very, very well."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "GET THIS APP!  If you desire to gain more knowledge about the Bible and to be able to do it on a daily basis, I would highly recommend this app because it keeps you on track and you can both read and listen to it either at home or in your car.  This is an awesome app also because it has several great features that make it better than other similar apps.  Unfortunately, you can't get this app for the Apple system, but if you have a Kindle or Android you are set.  I highly recommend it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "A very useful app that allows you to track all of your accounts, set a budget, remind you when bills are due, even do transfers between accounts. It makes you keep actively aware of your finances.It is not connected to any accounts so you do have to keep your records as frequently as you do you check book. The app makes you accountable for your money giving you all the tools to keep an accurate accounting but it will not do it for you. If you forget or don't keep up with your spending it will fail you and frustrate you, but if you keep up with your accounts it will keep you balanced and disciplined. It has made me more accountable for my follies and more disciplined in understanding where my money is going, bad or good."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "um... so a couple weeks ago i had a friend over and she told me to put on the ghost hunter app well i did and i havethis bracelet on my ankle i took it off and the ghost detector said push with a red dot and so i got up to put tue bracelet back on all of a sudden it felt like some one pushed me (i didnt get hurt) i asked my friend if she pushed me and she said no. and i can tell when she is lying. so its creepy u ppl should get it"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Used the ghost radar and thought it was a joke. Found nothing in shed, backyard (where I buried my pet mouse george). Then when my homie Wilbur came over he messed around with the settings. Then sure enough, after smashing some keystone light cans on out heads, and jamming some Megadeath, and it found ghosts in the basement! we called over my friend chuck who can make contact with ghosts and who has crop circles on his farm and has had his rectum probed by aliens first hands, he spoke with the ghosts and said the house was built on a sacred Indian burial grounds with treasures from Christopher Columbus. Wibur and I said screw it, and I'm leasing the house anyways so we jack hammered the foundation. After hours of digging we found real gold coins..... We're poring the concrete back now......"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this game because I  like the game yachtzee, but it is missing the excitement of actually rolling the dice. I also miss having an opponent. The sound effects are ok. What I do like is the quickness of each game. It is helpful too when it gives you hints about where to put your score. Makes for less thinking. I can whip out game after game, but it takes away from enjoyment. It's a good game to play if you are just trying to pass a few minutes of time. Glad it was free."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have this running on a Droid R2-D2 (Droid 2) and I haven't had any of the force close issues that other users are apparently experiencing.I find the game to be interesting and fun.  I'm not very good at these types of games, mainly because I don't have much experience with them, but that hasn't stopped me from continuing to explore the mansion as best I can.I like the graphics and the music.  The challenges are interesting and for me a bit challenging, but again it may just be my experience that's holding me back.Overall, I like it quite a bit."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It works. I'm sure my neighbor's house is haunted. Why? Because I was walking by his house (his name is Paul) and a red dot came in his house and the word Paul came up. I got chicken skin and I ignored it. Paul's son is named David, and I said I would laugh if the word David came up. As soon as I said laugh, the word laugh came up. Now I really cot creeped out. Later, I found out the house was built in the early 1900s and in an epidemic of small pox that affected most of Honolulu's Chinatown, some people died..."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is so much fun for me and I like to use it everywhere. Restaurants, while in line anywhere, outside, peoples houses, in the car (as a passenger only), pshh, I like to bring out my ghost radar everywhere. It has given me words that were creepily accurate. Recommend it for any paranormal lover or for people who are into this sort of thing. Of course when I tell friends, family, and strangers about it they laugh, roll their eyes, and try to tell me it's just hooplah but they shan't take away my joy that the ghost radar provides me. Don't expect a million ghosts all at once giving you tons of words. Just give it some time and they'll show up give words at 'their' own pace. This is the first app I ever downloaded when I got a smartphone, so it will always be special to me ;)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "After entering my FL Zip Code, the data that appeared is in Hamilton, IN.  And, there seems to be no way/nobody to contact at Zillow when you see a &#34;problem&#34;.  Other issues include incorrect values of properties and listing of sale of my residence since I have been living here???  No way was my property sold to anyone but me!  Also, recent sale $ of property in my neighborhood is incorrect!?  Can't use this app since it's not reliable."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a very good app. Yes it is ad-supported, but the app is well worth using even with the ads. You enter your ZIP Code, pick your television provider, and boom - TV Listings. For further control, you can filter only the channels you want to see listed and move to any time of day you wish. I use this quite regularly, it is way quicker than watching the TV Guide channel and this app is far superior to the TV Guide official app (which is pretty bloated).UPDATE December 2 2013: The latest version of this app is severely crippled by a bug. You can filter out channels that you don't want to see in the listings, but the app forgets the channels you have filtered every time you launch it. To me, this severely decreases the usefulness of the app. I'll be looking for an alternative."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is the world's all time leading cheater.  I have been playing backgammon for over 60yrs,  more than 1,000,000 games at least.  Statistics show that if you leave a spire open this app will hit you 90 / percent of the time. If you play this game as much as I do you know the statistical average is around  35 percent.  And wait until you get to a roll off,  count on the machine getting 3-4 doubles. They even have a disclaimer telling you why they are not cheating. This game is no fun.Grampyz"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I immediately turned on this app once I downloaded it. I believe in spirits. Plus... STOP CALLING THEM GHOSTS! I don't know why, but I feel like I'm disrespecting them when I call them ghosts. So I call them spirits. Anyway...A red dot showed up at the very top of the screen. It looked like it was pointing at the house across our street. Then, it said &quot;MARK&quot;. That freaked me out, because a few years ago, a guy named Mark used to live in that house."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've played a lot of Sudoku apps, both on the Android and the iPad.  And so far, hands down, this is the best one.  I would have been willing to pick this one up for three bucks if I didn't already have it for free (yay, free Apps on Amazon).What I love about this more than the other apps is that you choose a number then the square you want to put it in.  Usually it is the opposite.  When you choose the number all the spots you've already chosen that number light up, making it easy to see if you are making a mistake or not.So, full marks for having something that is fun and challenging, giving a lot of options, and properly using all of the screen real estate to the best of its potential.  If you love Sudoku you HAVE to purchase this app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This review is from the free app of the day. Overall a really nice app that is toddler and preschooler friendly. As mentioned before, only the home button works. I understand keeping it simple, but options such as volume on/off, difficulty level, etc would be nice. Too easy for older kids, too hard for younger, fits a very narrow age and skill range.With a little refining this app would be worth purchasing. Until then it is a honestly a little expensive.3 stars for current version and price4 stars if price drops to $0.99 or app is updated."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "OK, wow. I have a couple tales to tell:When I felt like something was wrong, I went outside and the ghost radar said &quot;safe&quot; which made me happy for some odd reason.The next time I used it, the radar said &quot;press&quot;, and you know when you press the screen it automatically goes to the tracking thing, so I did and it showed a green orb sitting by me. So... that was.... weird.Last of all, It showed to red orbs where my smoking neighbors were. I knew they were evil...That's pretty much it so far. I recommend this for a lot of people, it's fun."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I been testin this app all day and can honestly say it don't work. When I first seen this app I was extatic. See, I live in the hood and cars are all the time gettin stolen. So to test this app, I had my girlfriend take my car to various places at the mall and drop it off. This app only took me to the place I left my car - everytime. I don't need to know where I left my car, I parked the thing! So either I'm just missin the point, or this thing don't work. Deuces."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded this when it was the free app of the day, but I didn't play it until the other day. I had no issues with the app; it worked well. Visually, it was fine.My only problem with the app is that after you beat it, which shouldn't take more than about a half an hour, it has zero replay value. I uninstalled it to save space. (oh, I also had to use an app like superbox to be able to move it to SD card.)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Kindle for AndroidIf you have a Kindle account and an Android device you need this app. Without it I couldn't read my ebooks on my Android. I have found that in using an Android tablet, in my case it's a Pandigital SuperNova, you should have your Amazon Kindle archive account listed as a favorite in your browser. This way you can go to your book list and simply tell it to download to which device you are using.As with most anything you get or do with Amazon you can't go wrong. It's all good."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this as the free app of the day from Amazon today.  I am glad I didn't pay any real money for this as this is like a \"Rick Roll\" type app which doesn't really do anything productive.  It was obviously meant to promote Sean Austin's music career.This app would be useful to people who want ideas to start their own music careers by picking a strange catchy name for your developer name and disguising it as something else such as a party gag type app.I agree with the many other reviewers that the reviews for this app are rather funny and entertaining.  Therefore, I am giving it 2 stars just because it gets people wanting to discuss their app purchases on Amazon."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "ok so I got this app....and I was alone on my sofa and it said there was a ghost around my kitchen....and 2 seconds later the broom dropped.....I ran leaving my kindle on my sofa..when I came back after 5 seconds my kindle was in the kitchen! I screamed when something touched my back..and it was my cousins! those 4 sisters saw it all and threw a trick on me......but they swore to God they didn't touch the broom..men..it can happen....right?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Hangman works great, exactly as you'd expect. Runs smooth on Samsung Epic. I haven't seen any repeat words yet, so the dictionary it selects from must be a decent size. Interface is easy to use. Never have to worry about hitting the wrong button. All the letters are big enough to touch, but small enough so they don't crowd too much of the screen. There's a two player mode, too.Shorter words are often extremely difficult. I've been dealt a large quantity of three-letter words and even a couple of two-letter words. When you only have a handful of chances, they're a bit tough to solve, since you can't piece together much from the surrounding letters. An option to limit how short words can be would be nice.Overall, if you want to play hangman on your Android phone, this will do that very well."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "My older daughter loves this game.  I don't know what draws her to it, if it's the graphics or the sounds, but she did learn how to match objects for other games I got later based on this one.  At 2 years old, this game drove her to figure out how to understand matching fruit and with other games she never really cared.  I don't like the short 10-second recycled music song that constantly plays (it's not annoying, just too short), but the animation works well and it has a lot of variety.  Great job on the developer part for getting this \"formula\" right."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The game was attempted on Kindle Fire and Galaxy tab 10.1 and installed just fine. The graphics is pretty cool and while the controls can be slightly frustrating at times but still not that bad at all. The onscreen joystick can be moved to any location of your choice (By default it comes on the left side) which makes it easier to play the game.The objective of the game is to consume all the dots on the screen while you are navigating through the maze and avoiding the ghostly looking characters. It does have similarities when compared to classic PACMAN game which we all love so much.The game has no hidden modules and permissions are fine. But if you hate social media integration into android games then yeah those modules are annoying.EVAC HD is a fine game to have if you love classic PACMAN game."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I like this app a lot and have listened to several books.  You get one free audible book and after the first month, there is a monthly fee.  If you are pinching pennies this might not be for you.  You get a free credit each month for one free book.  To me, that more than pays for the fee.  There are also offers for books that can be purchased at low rates. I bought a book for $7.95 this month.  It's a very good deal, for me. It's easy to order books...I go to audible.com on my desktop computer, browse through the books, and place my order. I wait a few minutes, go to my Kindle and bring up the Audible book App...click on download. Some books take several minutes to download...Easy Peasy! I love it, you can control the volume and the speed of the reader."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "A very versatile tool! Amazing what a great idea! Thanks! Very handy anytime, I have given the 3D level 'a good going over' I can assure that it is very accurate, a very ingenious way to eliminate those long obnoxious levels.  (legal way to  have your cell phone on the job) tool!  Who would have thought to put a real time level in a cell phone? (in my case the construction company that I work for carries insurance on my cell phone because it is a work tool).Tea Kies CooperProvo, Utah"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Hi I have a Kindle Fire and also have a 6 year old grandson. We are always looking for games to play. I am always looking for thinking games to play and Checkers is a great beginner for a little one to test their skills. I deleted the game not because we didn't like it but my grandson plays other games. So please it's a great game for any age you can play against the computer or 2 player. Try it I am sure you will enjoy playing it. And of course it's free!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I played this immediately after the Mystery of the Crimson Manor, and it really feels like it was trying to be the same game. To be fair, a point-and-click adventure game featuring puzzles around a an abandoned mansion is hardly a new idea, but it felt like plagiarism.Regardless, the Secret of Grisly Manor holds up ok on its own.Pros: Challenging puzzles, point-and-click gameplay, decent atmosphereCons: way too short (about 1/2 hour), poorly detailed graphics (looks like very old compression), a couple of seemingly arbitrary puzzles/solutionsConclusion: I pray that we are seeing a revival of point-and-click adventure games for tablets. Buy this game if you have 49 cents to spare, enjoy classic adventure games, and have already played the Mystery of Crimson Manor."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Easy to work within, good selection of stations. makes it easy to find music you are in the mood to listen to. I like being able to have favorite stations and also recent station for reference. You can also listen to news,  events, just search and you will find something to enjoy. I have this on my phone to listen with earplugs outdoors while gardening as a change from my iPod. I used to live on the other coast so it is fun for me to listen to stations from that area but there are also stations around the world as well better than a previous app and much better than iHeart radio app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "this is weird cause  my mom was on her phone my bro was on the computer and my tv was going and it didn't pick up anything and they were all by each other so it should put off a strong signal but it didn't so that's weird the. first time I turned it on it was picking up strange moving signals and it said stuff like cow and none and other stuff and the second time it didn't  pick up anything up so the gohsts escaped without letting me know. (FREAKY)letting me know freaky."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "i originally downloaded this from Android Marketplace. I loved the ease of reading e books with this app so much that I got a Kindle as well for the extra features. It gives me the best of everything. I am never without a book now but have no more piles of books all over. The sync between Android &amp; Kindle works flawlessly for me. Books can be archived online so I can go back &amp; read again. This is great for me because I love series fiction and sometimes forget things before the next book comes out. There is some content you can't get with the app you can with Kindle. I think maybe Amazon wants to keep a few things out of the app so people still buy Kindles. Something else that makes having both worthwhile is that Kindle is totally non glare so you can read outside but not backlit (which is easier on the eyes) while my phone has backlight so I can read in dark/dim light."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "After reading reviews I still wanted to give this app a fair chance. I'm a sucker for zombies. lol I was sorely disappointed. it uses a single zombie face and even then its not that great. vary it up a bit with different faces and sounds. the sample pic that it comes with looks a ton better than the one the app actually made. On top of all of that you (the developer) should probably remove the base picture after the zombie one is made. you move too far to one side or the other and you can clearly see the picture used. It's a good concept, but needs a LOT of work."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was looking for a game that reminded me of the same kind of game play that I enjoyed through the Myst series. This game is a good click-and-discover / puzzle adventure game.The puzzles are challenging. The clues are well placed and thought provoking. The interface works well. Nice graphics.The only drawback (4 stars instead of 5) was the game was rather short.This game is fun, clever, and challenging. If you're looking for a puzzle adventure game that you can spend two or three hours playing, I highly recommend this game. I paid $0.99 at the time of this review and I think the game was worth it. I sat with my wife and son and we enjoyed  it together!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It does give you calories (and four other facts) for the items you'll find on the menu but it only gives you four and you can't put it all together.  For instance, if you look at Chipotle on the app, you can see the beans and the rice and everything's nutritional facts but unless you're writing it all down and adding it all up, you have no general idea of the nutritional facts of the burrito you're about to eat.  And by \"nutritional facts\" I mean fat, protein, calories, fiber, and carbs since that's all they give you.  Glad I didn't pay for it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "After reading reviews, I had to check to see if ads were there.  I LOVVVVVVEEE this game sooooo much!!One of the 1st games on my Kindle Fire and it works perfectly and looks great!. 30 more puzzles were just added which brought total to 240, I think. I have been planning to purchase the full version, but I can't see how much better it could be over this one. And, I have worked on my stats so much, that I am now afraid that if I download the new version, I might loose my stats!!? Has anyone lost any stats or anything yet??This is a great game; I love games to make me use my brain!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "If your Tv isn't large enough to read the digital guide form where you are, there is, literally, no alternative (not printed on paper).  Truly intuitive, efficient and complete.  It is, by far, my most used application. I am very grateful to have received my Fire as a gift from my wife and to discover this application, just as the void of a Tv guide solution was needed.  I have 100 csble channels and am lucky to find one thing worth watching within a 24 hour period. This app gives you the best possible chance of finding that one episode. My only suggestion would be to add ratings to help search for new favorites - something we all value infinitely on Amazon.  That was, everytime they cancel the only show that doesn't suck (e.g. Prime Suspect, Lie to Me, Medium, etc.) t will be helpful in watching for a new replacement."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I purchased this app because I had always heard my friends talk about how on several occasions they had used it and had gotten spooked by it. Well after using it myself several times. The words it revealed did not make much sense to me. Last night while I was sitting reading a book, It said the words sit, book, and  drink. On the side of my chair I had a glass of tea. It gave me the creeps, I felt like I was being watched! I recommend this app to everyone or anyone that has ever doubted that their is such a thing as spiritual presence living among us."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Interesting game. I could care less for the story line but the game with its levels and bonus letters is fun and challenging. The dictionary that you play with has words that even people with a good vocabulary will never find them all. I like that it reminds you if you have already used a word. and that it allows plurals and other varients of the same word. Makes the game fun even for the children. It has three levels of play and that is good too. Over all its a little above average. Not my favorite game but certainly not one to uninstall the first day you have it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This Is just something I downloaded for entertainment. However, I seem to have a curiosity on the phase of the moon. This program does that. It even has some other features such as a calendar to show what phase of Moon will be in on a particular day of the month.There are a few things that were a little rough around the edges. This program can be moved to the SD card. This is a very important feature, since most of my tablets are of the older variety and is good to make room on the main flash drive. The first time I ran this program on the card, it really didn't want to work. But that was the only time that it complained. It has fired up correctly since then. It does not show correctly what part of the moon is lit up, though the amount that seem to be correct.So, it is something to play around with, and doesn't take any space on the main memory."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "People complain, but why? Did you expect ghosts to pop up and have interesting conversations with you and follow you around 24/7 ? Have some fun with it, try to figure out why it does what it does, mess with minds of believers if you wish. But learn to have fun, not be critical when uncalled for,  and don't complain about a program you didn't have to install anyway. Most enjoy showing how easy it is to replicate the goofy stuff on TV. That is fun. Some people like to have fun and be mock serious, just as some of you like to carry on to get a reaction. Stop flaming and REALLY PAY ATTENTION to what they say. IF the program is excessive in battery usage, that's a claim to consider. Most of the other stuff is petty. Others having problems with this program draining battery?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "One of the best free apps out there. There are enough customizable options to make everyone happy. You have to work at it to lose on easy. On the hardest level, a win is a victory and the dice always roll in favor of the computer.  It is great that it has a 2 player option that you can use to pass it back and forth for live play. Best of all, it has a great interface that doesn't make you work hard to figure out how to play the darn thing!  The graphics are nice as well.  The free version is ad supported but they the ads aren't annoying and don't interfere with game play."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded this for free, just in time for Halloween, for my kids to play with.  My daughter made fun, at first, but her younger brother loved it.  It struck his imagination, and he started ghost-hunting immediately.  After dark, even the teenager got in on the fun.The only problem I've found is that it KILLS YOUR BATTERY FAST.  The app says it basically uses all if your sensors, microphone, etc., so I'm sure that is why, but keep it in mind.I'm not saying it's a great ghost-hunting tool, but it's a cute little app that has given my kids hours of fun."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm a huge music and radio streamer. I have 4 apps I already use for varying proposes being Pandora, Grooveshark, TuneIn and 8 Tracks. This app is particularly well built and functions rather well. It's got a great UI and it's easy to understand. There's plenty of stations to listen to. Found local and international stations I'm already a fan of. All that said this app simply doesn't bring anything to the table that I don't already have the ability to do and doesn't pack enough to replace any of the apps I have. I'd recommend any of the 4 aforementioned apps before recommending this one but this is one solid app in it's own right. 4 stars!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This to date is the best mobile checkers app I have come around, game play is great and the UI interference is well designed, the android computer opponent can be set to challenge your level of experience, this app also includes 2 player mode so you can play against your folks. Overall I would definitely recommend this app to anyone looking or a good time and a sturdy checkers app on the go. There is also a free version of this app called checkers free which is basically the same, but if you enjoy this game frequently remember to support its creators who brought you the opportunity to enjoy it, you will also want the paid version if you detest advertisement which can get annoying and in the way of your game play. This publisher also offers an outstanding chess app if you like to play chess, it's called chess premium or chess free."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a good app to analyze the wi-fi signals around you...and if you live in a suburb there will be many.  Just about everyone now has a wi-fi router in their home.  This app identifies every signal within range and can graph their strength.  This is good as you can walk around your house/ airport/ coffee shop/ whatever and find the areas with strong signals/weak signals.  The best part is the real-time graph which clocks signal strength over time.  You can even do a screen shot and send it via e-mail."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love this app. It allows me to know what the sirens I hear are all about. I can hear the local police, emergency and fire traffic. I have been able to hear of incidents happening in my own neighborhood which allows me to feel safer. I know what is going on and where the troubled spots are and when. When I hear of breaking national news I can look for a frequency in the area effected and can listen to events as they happen. I had an old style scanner when my children were teens and loved hearing the goings on. Now scanners have gone high tech and are available over your computer, Kindle, and even smartphones."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love this application. In fact, its my favorite download so far.i found a great book right away and Im into it!The controls and settings are easy to access and it always has my place saved.Its portable and its free, I cant see how it can get much better than that!I cant wait to start my next book on my android! I always have my phone and therefore I always have a book!Thank you Thank You Thank you!highly recommend downloading this and giving it a shot.My favorite thing:Putting my baby down to sleep I have to keep the room silent, and dark. I like to hang around when he goes to bed because hes teething and wakes up in pain fairly often. when I put him to sleep, I roll over and whip out my phone and read a book on my phone until Im tired, its like stealing some adult time and still being an attentive mom!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "If you like to read and have an Android device this is a must have. I own a Kindle, an I-device and an Android tablet. Amazon has never let me down when it comes to e-reading. All of my books easily sync to each device and the eBooks are always sitting quietly in my library patiently waiting their turn to be read.  I love the fact that every single book, no matter what device I read them on, can be read off-line. The number of free and for purchase books is never ending. The Android app. is just as user friendly as an actual Kindle. Step 1: Set up an account. Step 2: Choose a book. Step 3: Read.  Oh, get this...when you call Amazon with a Kindle question - you get a real live person, who actually helps. Get this app!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I like the Backgammon app, but there are a few things that are quite annoying.  For example, when you roll doubles, you have no option to move two pieces at a time.  You have to make 4 separate moves, with each move involving at least 2 clicks.  that's 8 clicks for one move, which is too many.  Also, I started playing against the computer, with the difficulty set at 2.  Even though it's not the lowest setting, the computer played like a complete novice, passing up obvious moves in favor of idiotic ones.  Of course, this can be solved by simply setting the game at a higher difficulty, but it was still annoying.  I'll be looking for fixes in updates, so I haven't given up hope that this could become an outstanding app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Best radio app! Was wonderful on my phone, works beautifully on my tablet as well.Very large selection of Christian stations, which is sooo hard to find on most apps (sadly). Feature PACKED! Has customizable sleep timer, alarms to wake to any station, favorites, backup, bluetooth, search...and on and on. Can't find any flaws, nothing missing here! Got as a FAOTD, but one of the select few really worth paying for. Nice UI as well. If  you're looking for an all-around radio app, this is it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is another app that i cannot go without, I live in an area where we get fires, and this app is amazingly helpful, and i don't have to carry a scanner with me, all i have to do is start the app and select the channel and i'm listening just like that,this app does everything from citizen to fire and police and rescue channels, If you want to know what is going on around you but either don't own a scanner, or don't want to carry one this app is for you!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "What more could you want from an app that shows you information about the phases of the moon?  Unless, you're a NASA scientist, I can't think of a single thing that this app doesn't provide.  And, in the process of providing this great information this app also makes it extremely easy to find and use.  I love the intuitive way you navigate on this app to enter your specific location and other \"what if\" information.  I was literally up and enjoying this app within less than five minutes.Who knows...when I become a NASA scientist maybe I won't like this app, but until then I'm going to stay inside (you go out in the cold MichaelH) and enjoy all the neat stuff this app has to offer!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This was a free app of the day so I looked into it for my Kindle Fire. I enjoy word games, etc and this is a different way to use your brain to come up with words. I told my aunt about it and she loves Word Collapse as well.  Granted it is not the hardest or most challenging word game but it is most definately a different word game to play. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys word games and does not mind having one that is not difficult when you just need to play something to clear your mind."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Such a cool app! While I was driving on the highway it said \"driving\". So many interesting words and full of ghosts outside, but not in our house pitifully.I will have to drag my tablet outside and have some fun listening to the words :DEdit: Ok, I have to edit my review. The app did detect a ghost inside. It said: Johnatan, sick, rest, care, lake, (At that time I stood up and moved away) Next words were move, come, hide and so on. At the same time, I heard two loud bangs in the bathtub.....spooky"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a must have app if you frequently shop on Amazon. It runs really smooth on my evo, makes shopping on amazon a breeze. Much easier to use than a mobile web browser to view the web page on your phone. I use it frequently when I am out shopping and want to check prices and reviews. Amazon is almost always cheaper than local stores, so its an easy way to save money.Ordering items through the app is very easy. I have completed the process several times and had no errors or order problems.The one problem I have with this app is the bar code scanner. I can almost never get bar code scanners to work and this app is no different. I often feel like an idiot standing in a store trying to get this app to read a bar code. On the flip side, the app almost always finds the item I am looking for when I search via keyword search or texting a picture."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was able to pick up my local police, fire, and ambulance.I always wanted to buy a real one of these, but they arevery hard to find anymore... plus, online, they are very expensive.So, this app is awesome!!!!!  I don't listen to it nearly enough.We always have tons of sirens going everywhere and alwayscurious as to what happened, but I don't use this that often.If I did, I know that I would satisfy my curiosity."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "TuneIn radio is an excellent app. For some esoteric reason, our local AM and FM stations are practically unintelligible - this application has given us a clear and reliable alternative to constantly looking for the right configuration of dial position, antenna placement, and mojo.TuneIn has a variety of useful features including a timer, alarm, presets, and a surprisingly good search function. I especially like how the search will group talk shows by how much time is remaining. It's nice to be able to catch that talk radio program at the beginning!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I used to like Kindle. The app was fast and reliable, and made it easy to read an ebook from Amazon on my Nook Color (with N2A).Then I bought a couple of new Kindle books, and Kindle (the app) would not download them unless I updated the app. The new app starts with a gray sphere and freezes there for a long time. Then it loads, and the default screen is not my library but the Kindle store with recommendations. A few buttons later I finally get to select my book and read it. Meanwhile, the app still doesn't allow you to group the books by topic.This spells the end of Kindle for me. I'll move my books over to Calibre, which doesn't try to sell anything and does allow for sorting books."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "While the updates have been slow and I do feel the app is WAY to heavy, it is somewhat better. I still spend time clicking the same song 10 times while shopping trying to review it only to have the song 5 tracks down start playing. As a loyal customer to Amazon I do want them to have great apps to support the music I buy from them. However this app in the past few months has cut my music shopping/exploring time in half. Simply put, this app is not up to Amazon standards IMO."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is very enjoyable and it can be very challenging. What I really like about It is that it helps a great deal in learning to play Sudoku correctly. There is a very good tutorial included.  I have only played the free game so far, but I am going to buy the paid version right now!! You should get this if you want to learn how to play the correct way, instead of guessing sometimes.  It is also pretty easy to understand. I have tried many of the Sudoku games out there, but this is by far the best!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The AI has some serious strategy problems.  In the last game I played, it had all its remaining pieced on 1 and 2, and rolled double ones.  It should have removed 4 from the board, but instead moved 4 from the 2 position, to the 1 position.  Stupid.  Making up for this deficiency, the computer gets better rolls.  It doesn't get more doubles, but it gets higher totals, and usually gets exactly what it needs.  Still fun, but still flawed."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was willing to overlook certain things and believe in this app because I really wanted to. but it became really obvious it was stealing info when it started giving me words from my anthropology lecture that I had read a few hours earlier.  words like sister, brother, century etc. would have been interesting if their origin wasn't so aparent. then i got that odd name evreryone talks about on here ..(brownyn?.) and knew for sure this is fake. so the word part is crap, but id like to still believe the blips on the radar have some meaning!?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It's a fun little game but way too short.  You go from room to room exploring the mansion.  Most rooms have objects/tools to collect such as keys, matches, a wrench, an ice pick, etc...  Some rooms are locked as are some chests, cabinets, etc...  You use the objects/tools you find to gain access to new parts of the mansion, get access to other objects and tools, and solve puzzles that allow you to progress further into the game.  Great game but really, really short.  HTC EVO 4G."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've been trying to find out how to get in touch with the developer since I downloaded this app. It will record and save the conversation, but it WILL NOT PLAY BACK! I have even forwarded to myself in an email only to have an empty file arrive. I have done everything as instructed and verified that indeed there is a recording there that lists an amount of time, e.g. 3 minutes, 32 seconds, but it won't even start to play! How in the world do I get it to play back??"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have used Splash ID for years to keep track of my hundreds of passwords and other important information. I have the app on my iPhone 4S, Nexus 2013, iPad 3 and Dell laptop. My laptop serves as the &#34;master list&#34; and it's very easy to sync any of my devices with my laptop to keep track of any additions or changes. I sync via wifi.The app lets you create your own categories and supplies ample fields for all of your information. This is one of my favorite and most used apps."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was very excited to find this app, but I had a little trouble figuring it all out.  I guess I would have liked a little explanation of what it all meant, but after a while I was able to use it a little.  I'm sure that many people had no trouble at all, but then I'm not the most clever when it comes to these things.  If I were, I wouldn't need a &#34;Convertor Pro&#34;, would I?  I will spend more time and rise to the challenge & in the end, I shall conquer!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "There should be support for reading books download from another source, as well as the ability to use a local dictionary (e.g. ColorDict). The ability to add support for lookup in user defined wikis would be great too.Highlighting text spanning more than one page can be difficult or impossible.  Regarding selection of text, is being able to copy a sentence no more than a few times a day such a problem for publishers? This would be useful for quoting books.Otherwise this app is the best reader I've used, though the first point makes it necessary to have another reader installed."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "As many have said, this follows a very similar premise to the classic. Pac-Man. The controls are very simple and easy to use, and I like that it's not a joystick like other games. I move off joysticks and lose control, having a control point to touch around is very nice.The 'calibration' (moving the control point) is supposed to be long-pressing the control point for 3 seconds, but for me it seemed more like 5-6 seconds.The messages do pop-up quite frequently, so turning them off is a must (haven't done it yet, but noticed a review said you could). A better option would be text popping up along the top, not a box pausing the game every 5 seconds.Great game, love it, love the new control point control scheme, far easier to use than virtual joysticks."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "We have so many people in my area with Wi-Fi networks, it's difficult to get a good signal.  I installed the Wi-Fi Analyzer on the Kindle Fire and found the conflicts in my neighborhood.  With that information, I adjusted the channel on my network.  I have fewer conflicts now.  Surfing is smoother, fewer dropped connections.I especially like the graphs.  I am a visual person and the graphs clearly illustrate signal strength and conflicts at a glance. There is also a screen that will give every channel a star rating and recommend the best channel setting for the router.  I don't even have to think about it!  What a great app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is awesome. The graphics are so amazing, it's like you are at space camp looking at the moon through a telescope. You can see it with several different graphics settings too. It's so cool to turn the moon with my stylus or fingers, on my Kindle Fire HD, to view all sides of the moon. It even adjusts the date and time, when you spin it to accurately display the time your hemisphere will or did see the moon from that angle. There is also a calendar button so you can view the different moon phases for each day of the previous, current, and future month(s). Love it! And it's really only 70&cent; with the 30&cent; credit Amazon gives. Totally worth 70&cent; if you are into the moon or it's phases/cycles."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have used this product on my computer for many years, but are the values the true value or deflated values.  It seems with the real estate downfall, no one knows the true value of their home these days.  And if you are trying to buy or sell, people go to Zillow to see what they value the property.  I think we should go back to what appraisers think the property is worth, because realtors do not know any more.  They and the banks are the ones who got us into this trouble, only my opinion."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I didn't &#34;get it&#34; until I got stuck at the 11th puzzle for a bit, then it hit me.  The brilliance in this is not in endlessly matching 2, 3 or more rows of identical items, it's the pattern in which you unlock them that is the key to wiping out the entire level.  The little floating guide persona is cute at first but gets kinda boring after a while.  There may be too much backstory wedged into what is in essence an easy to learn but harder to master puzzle.Besides being a thoughtful time waster, the graphics and animations are all buttery smooth and game play is perfectly responsive.  A great effort!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "App and reviews sounded great, esp. for free, but it never worked for me.  I downloaded it twice, uninstalling in between and rebooting phone, and still kept getting the weird 'ball bouncing on hard floor' sound and 'Android Media console died' message no matter what radio station I tried.  I got one to stream for a few seconds but it kept losing the connection and going on and off.  I'm on Verizon 4G with a very strong signal. so it's just an app that won't work for me."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I am using this on my rooted Captivate. It works extremely well. Very smooth and the widgets and look screen are a nice touch.Overall very impressed.I have tried many home replacements including but not limited too ADW ex, Launcher Pro, Go Launcher, Pandahome, Launcher 7, Mr. Home, Regina, aHome, etc ... Well... you should get the picture. All of the have some things that make them unique and none of them are perfect. dxTop pro isn't over the top with settings and customizations but it is unique and works very well.ADW ex is my favorite and go to launcher but dxTop Pro will definitely get it's use.Side note: Wake up Amazon! Allowing all of these stupid review is ruining your market. I can't imagine too many more developers are going to want to take a chance on faulty review scores because the stupid person downloading a FREE app didn't get the game they thought they deserved. Just another way we see how entitlements are ruining are society!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "One of my grandkids is a big Curious George fan so I had to give this game a try and cannot help but compare to theJumpstart Preschool 1 Free - Preschool Educational Appgames.  What I like about these games are that they help with counting skills and matching games that the Jumpstart games do not provide.  In addition, the puzzle game in Monkey Preschool is much easier to pick up; in the Jumpstart puzzle game you are allowed to pile puzzle pieces on top of each other and on top of the pattern so that key clues are covered.  With the Monkey Preschool, the pieces snap back to the pickup pile and do not become piled up so all the pieces are out in the open and easy to compare with the pattern.  Although the Jumpstart games are a lot of fun, the Monkey Preschool games have an overall edge in ease of learning the concepts and in the breadth of skills."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I had enjoyed this app for my phone and then a few days ago it was unfunctional for some reason. I erased it and installed a newer version and it's fine again. I was a bit concerned as I had read from several reviewers that it didn't work on &#34;older&#34; androids. It is fine for my Samsung Galaxy 3. I enjoy the ability of reading in my fire at  home and yet have the ability to read when I'm out and have some free time. It sync's wonderfully and I'm very pleased with it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is the best way to play your favorite tunes with or without WiFi. You buy your music (the prices are very reasonable- to cheap) you download IF you want it on your device for anytime, anyplace listening. Or you can leave your tunes safe in the cloud so it does not take up any storage, you start the wireless and listen that way. Either way, the selection is nearly infinite. All the old classics to the newest hits....And best of all; NO Commercials!  And you don't have to listen to anything except what you want to hear. For listening on your phone or tablet, this is the real deal. No hidden fees. No upgrades. Just straight out jamming Your Way!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm not sure if I believe in this stuff but it was very interesting. My daughter got the app and after listning to her storys I thought I would get it. There wasn't much activity when I turned it on until my Husband walked in the room then there were 2 red dots on the radar and the word \"Established\" came up. I had just gotten out of the shower, talking to my husband, naked I might add, and the word \"Beautiful\" came up. Now I could flatter myself and think it was talking about me but I just brushed it off then I had to give my husband Insulin, 2 shots which he doesn't like very well and was grumbly about it, when I was through I looked at my Kindle and another word popped up, \"Necessary\" Coincidence? I don't know but it is very entertaining and I would recommend it for entertainment purposes."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Alot more apps have been release of late, but this was one of the first radio apps that I got to pick up international or US based internet radio stations. I wish the search option was better.  Maybe if hashtags were incorporated, it would help.  I don't like the fact that you have to pay for that.  The free version does the trick if you know what you are looking for.  Otherwise you might get a bunch of stations that you need to listen through before you get to what you really want.  The buffering is a bit bad.  I'd get alot of dropped signals when listening to stations in the gym.  Not sure if that is an app issue or the station stream."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a fun game. You fly your plane by using the joystick type control at the bottom left of the screen and try shooting using the fire button on the bottom right of the screen. Simple controls. You shoot the planes down that show up and the level progresses in difficulty. There are stars that fall from the sky and they have rewards or not. Sometimes it will freeze your enemies or sometimes it makes you fly slowly. Each star has either a benefit or a curse that only lasts a little while. Fun game."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is really a simplistic type of format...few locations and a TON of running around in them. The movement is a little clunky and some of few locations are only used once. The look was ok, nothing froze or went wrong on my Kindle Fire HD 8.9\" The reason for the 3 stars, which is in itself abstract, is that there is no help. If you get stuck, you're on your own OR you have to resort to the internet walkthrough. Not fun for me. Even with the help online, I quickly realized that I would never have figured some of the puzzles, clues and their use or finished this game. For me, maybe it's more like a 1-star, but I know this game has a cult following of obviously clever folks who are able to solve the clues and I want to encourage all game makers to give us Kindle people MORE!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "permissions needed for a simple dice game?  I don't like how the advertising is located conveniently too close to the &quot;roll&quot; bar, the dice (as you try to highlight them), and the options tab at the bottom of the screen.  I have accidentally hit the ad countless times and had to back out numerous. times in the middle of a game.  (KFire)  I also dislike that extra 5 of a kind cannot be counted as a score for a full house.iI give it 2 stars because the actual gameplay is pretty quick.Going to uninstall to see if I can't find one I like better,  or at least one that doesn't have gameplay functions literally on top of ad links.  I got a FAR better Yahtzi game on a CD out of a cereal box!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "To address the one oft mentioned issue. The developer is now aware that it shows waning gibbous for today (1/8/12) and it only seems to affect today. He is working on a fix for it. If you're guess that means you get a quick reply from the Dev, you'd be absolutely correct.The app works beautifully on my Droid 2 Global and I had no issues with it freezing. However, I did use the back button to exit out and not the home button. Overall, between quick developer response and the very slick, nicely done app, can't help but give this little darling a 5 star. If you like having the phases of the moon at your fingertips, this is the app for you and with it being FAOTD? You can't lose. ;)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I haven't seen any reviews that include this, so I'll edit if I figure out a way to avoid this. When you die in the game, you start over. Not the level, no... the entire game. Back to the first dungeon. Also, apparently I have to be very careful about hitting quit, otherwise your progress won't be saved. Other than those two issues I have, the game is fun. I feel a little helpless when I can't find a new word though."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I just wanted to see if it works and it does. I took it off because I don't know if it might be illegal in this state as most everything probably is here. Have no use for it anyway. It works and can be adjusted to many different areas at least where I am located. I didn't know so many people were jabbering on the radio so much. I heard Fire, Police and a lot of unidentifiable jabber talk going on even late in the night. An old Ham or CB operator that knew the lingo would enjoy this thing. A friend of mine works in the Fire Department so I will have to find out if I can have this without cops going goofy on me somehow for some reason. Might be useful in an emergency?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Thanks Amazon. When I updated my PC to Windows8, I lost my Charter cablechannel tv guide app on my Kindle Fire and PC. it was really a struggle to get the channel guide and I didn't want to pay the $5 graft addition to Charter cable for the box to get the guide. Thus I found this app for my Kindle Fire TV Listings for Android which enables me to check the local cable channel guide while I am viewing my TV. Maybe small thing to others but a big deal for me since I like the basics. Thanks a ton! Amazon. If you are like me with extended basic cable and don't have the box to let you know what is on TV this is a must have for your android device."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app definitely needs some work.  I have been an Audible subscriber for 10 years = many, many audio books in my library.  There are  NO JUMP LINKS in this app.  If I want to get to a title that starts with &#34;W&#34;, I have to scroooooooollllllll alllll the waaaaaayyy to the boottttttttoooom.  Give us the option of an alpha jump list!!  It's not rocket science.I'm not too impressed with Amazon for Apps either.  It took about 12 times of searching for this app for Amazon to spit it out in the search results.  I really like the Android mini-tablet but the software offerings are not quite yet ready for prime time."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "when I got this app I thought it was cheap. where my family lives it used to be train tracks.... and while I was in the kitchen had two dots one was red and the other was blue ... I knew the red was me but the blue was in my garden where the train tracks were.this app tells the truth a ghost has been haunting me ever since I moved to this house . about when I was 6 a ghost was behind me and it felt like a gun was to my back..... I was fully awake!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "While traveling in our RV, my sister-in-law phoned us: the plastic cap on her Nissan food jar had broken, and she uses that jar almost daily. Using this app on our LG Ally, I quickly found the item on Amazon, ordered it, and sent it on its way to her house a thousand miles away. She had it 2 days later. We bought the original jar for her from Amazon, so it was easy to find again. Trying to do this on a laptop would have required a wifi link, but none was available. Great service from Amazon and an easy-to-use Android app from Amazon."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Ok I tried this. Instructions are simple, and plain, but when I tried to move around, it was awkward. Something that will take a few tries. First try, didn't get caught, so I guess I did something right. I give it 4 stars, because its not a top notch game yet. I may Change it as the game continues, when I have time to continue.  Overall, its cute and interesting.Reading reviews of others...just be honest of your gaming experience.  Others may rely on your comment before downloading. And who uses &quot;twit&quot; anymore?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Who would have thought this app existed.  It's ok I guess, it really just depends on where you live and what you are looking to hear on this app.  I would listen in to be nosy and see what kind of 'action' was going on around the city; sometimes I will check out NYC or Chicago or whatever...also, we had some wildfires close to town this summer and I would listen in on the fire dept. channel at times to see if I heard anything the news wasn't putting out.  Many times when the channels get busy they overlap and it's hard to understand.  I have downloaded this on my Kindle and on my Samsung Blaze...both worked fine.  Cheap entertainment app. :)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Unlike most other apps that only want a few hundred dollars to keep the game up-to-date, this app is like staring down into the main intake of the money shredder of the US Mint.  Very habit forming, much worse than heavy drugs, it's SO easy to tap away all your money, creating a deluge of really nice Amazon &#34;stuff&#34; you don't really need as much as food or toilet paper./SARCASM OFF/Darn, look!  There's that new Android game for my tablet.....no, No, NO!  Haalllp!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "If you seem to be having issues, it may be your phone. They say that any Android is a good Android, but they say a lot of things. Much like anything else, if you buy something cheap, it will work like something cheap. Also, people need to learn their phones. no matter what anyone tells you, they don't REALLY think for you. Anyway, this works great on the Samsung Fascinate, and even if it didn't, I'm not the type to complain about something free. People today.....I swear. LOL"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This Tv Listing guide is another great freature Amazon has included in the Kindle Fire HD!!The newspapers have taken away the tv guide listings and sell it separately or the print is so small you need a magnifying glass to read it and it's only a half day.This listing is taylored to you zip code and I couldn't be happier. I was considering purchasing a one year TV Guide listing for but don't have to know and SAVED $65.00!!!!The Kindle Fire HD is the best gift I've ever gotten.Thank you Amazon and TV Listings for Android!One delighted customer!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Definitely grab this today if you have any interest in a sudoku app. There's plenty of them around, some that are free. But this one is by far the best i've used. I can't say that it's worth $3 for everyone, as i'm not personally a hardcore sudoku guy. But really, the tutorials really make this worth it. The hard puzzles are actually challenging. Theres no shortage of puzzles. The highlighting system rocks, as well as the best hinting system i've seen..I need a lot of hints ^_^ so I very much appreciate the attention to detail there. The main menu doesn't look like anything special, but the actual board is clean and clear. Nice job, and definitely worth the money for people who love sudoku. Enjoy!Phone: Droid X(Android 2.2.1, Liberty 2.0.1)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The planes are shooting each other, and you have a classical music in the background. Funny to me. I enjoyed playing it. It's very touch responsive on Kindle Fire, and Kindle Fire HD 8.9.  I played only a few level and enjoyed the game play so far. It's simple, and cute. Not too many buttons to press. The planes that has higher speed, makes me dizzy. It spins so fast, and moves so fast. I prefer the slower planes.  My 2 years old son love to crash the plane. Definitely worth 2.99 but I got it as free app of the day."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Where do u begin? well its an overall good app! but u can tune into ur local radio or any station.in fact im listening to it right now as i type. you can find fav artists and songs.no glitches or viruses happend. very good for those people who really like to listen to the radio at night i know i do! Add songs and artists to ur favorite tad and either buy the song or see if its anywhere on the radio.PLZ do me a huge favor and get!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app works fine. I gave it four stars because there is no option to work on one kind of game at a time.To all the teenagers that rated the app one star because they are mad it is a kids game, get a life.  You need to rate apps based on their quality in that category and for giving the user what it said it would. This is for adults to entertain their children with. And I really wish everyone would stop whining about amazon, it is old, this isn't a forum for you to bit.. about amazon and what free app they are giving you, it is a place to rate said app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game, at first seems interesting but quickly you realize that its too short and has no replay value. once you solve the game there is nothing else to do, so max 20 minutes of playing. don't waste your money. spend that dollar somewhere else. got it for free and even that sounds like too much for this game, waste of space on my phone. if any new levels are created they're probably going to charge for them. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, YOU WILL REGRET IT. sounds more fun than it really is."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have HTC Rezound, and I don't know why, but this app does not work. I've updated it, reinstalled it completely and it still will not show my songs. If I flip back and forth (with the buttons) between store and music player/cloud, it will flash the song for half a second (I can see the album art), but there's no way to play it. My music just doesn't show up in the app. My husband also played with it, trying to get it to work, and had no more success than I."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I stumbled upon this app and I just had to try it! I'm like obsessed with these ghost paranormal things! I got it and after two days I got it these words popped up on the screen like, &quot;these&quot; &quot;leaf&quot; &quot;happened&quot; and &quot;vapor&quot; I was not sure what it meant cuz it didn't make sense and after the word vapor appeared I heard this loud crash from my storm door!  CREEPY!  If u r really interested in paranormal stuff like me u should TOTALLY get this app!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "As someone who used to own a kindle, this app falls far behind my expectations. The ability to read books, change font size, turn pages quickly is fine. It's the organization, or lack there of, that drives me crazy. I have no idea which books I've read, which ones I've not read. I can't put them into folders or categories like I could on my kindle. It would be nice to file books I've finished into a separate folder, or if there was a way to  tell which books I've read or not in the list of books. That's really irritating. My kindle fire it told me which books I've opened, and which ones were new. This app doesn't do that. I read at least 5 books a week and need a way to organize them, this app falls short."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is playing great so far. What I appreciate are that the controls are nice, and you get that 3D aspect where it feels like you are flying. That is one of the best parts for me, as it is amazingly fun, and I can see a lot of people gravitating towards this game for that particular reason. The music used in the game is beautiful and very soothing as you try to blast other planes out of the sky. The game itself is very easy to play, but going for all planes can be quite frustrating at times. It is worth the price and a fun time killer."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I use this alot while shopping at other stores - I will check to see if Amazon has it for about the same or less (usually its less) and then I just order it and wait the two days (I have prime)for it to arrive. Sometimes I will see an item but it makes me think of something else I need that the store I'm in does not carry - so I check Amazon. I even impressed my boss while she was doing a supply order for our office and I told her she could get the item cheaper through Amazon (ink) and then pulled out my phone and showed her. Got a bonus for it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm a big Again fan in general. We have a kindle, three kindle fires and three Android phones in the family that heavily utilize Amazon apps. We have Amazon prime. We had the free upgraded cloud storage because of Amazon music purchases. But the cloud player really isn't worth the new $25/year, and the free 250-song limit is not going to cut it for us. So, we deleted our music from the cloud and are moving to google music.The Amazon mp3 app itself was ok, but never great. Leaving it is not a hard decision. Initially, I had imported all our music from iTunes. It copied the playlists, but nit the folder hierarchy, so dozens of organized playlists became a massive mess. Streaming worked ok, but obviously was heavily dependent ion the network connection. So I ended up copying my most-listened-to music to my sd card, and the built-in music player works very well."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "They have a few of these out: One has a Vet you need to get out of the car lot, which I really like, and another is a limo, (there all worthy) of &quot;must haves&quot;... I only review and keep on my list top games for all ages that play perfect on KF, so if your looking for more and don't have the time to opean each one, simply check out my review list. Also for any question on anything, drop me a e mail, I'm here to help.. Enjoy!.."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a nice little game - and excellent value for free paid app of the day. Works very well on the Kindle Free.You need to operate switches to get blobs of differently-colored fire to a color-matched home. The speed control is a very nice feature. You can take it on the slow side and it can be quite relaxing. I can only guess at how hectic it would be a full speed! You can adjust the volume for the music and the sound effects. Incidentally, the music and sound effects are fine and not annoying.This is a very solid 4-star plus game; however, I went up to 5 stars to counter some of the earlier negative reviews, which I felt were not justified."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "l became interested in the moon as a child when my parents bought me a 60x Tasco telescope 50 years ago.  l still have that scope and now use it with my grandchildren.  This app brings back fond memories of the times l had with that old scope.  As nice as it looks on my Galaxy 3, the way it looks and runs on my new Kindle Fire HD is even better.  Be sure and switch to the dynamic imaging to get better pictures of the lunar surface.  The \"Cheese\" mode is kinda cute (albeit useless)as well."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "When I was in my room I had my kindle turned on to this app.It kept saying stuff that didn't make sense but after an hour when it started getting dark out,there was at least six red dots on my screen,they were all around the screen but one did not move.I looked on the screen I thought it was actually really close to where I was sitting,it then said shoulder.I got a little freaked.I also asked some questions about back then when JFK was around and I said I bet he was a great president,it said agreed,I know what happend to the people in the house it was in the 60s they were around so I suggest if you know when the people lived in that house ask it questions when they were around,it really does work trust me."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I enjoyed the game very much. There is not a help/spoiler file, but it's really not needed. The one place I got stuck - throw the pretty box in the fire! The graphics are beautiful, the play is smooth. The sound is not as good as the sound on The Lost City, but not bad. Really, this would get 5 stars if only it was longer. I'd prefer something like Myst; something to take days/weeks to complete, rather than a couple of hours."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app does a good job in locating the wi-fi around you - which helped me determine that the $100+ I was paying monthly for my wifi and my phone was not worth it.  I could get the same number of bars with a much less expensive internet company.  I tried it at my friend's house who had the inexpensive package & the bars were the same.  I encourage everyone to try this experiment for themselves.  The app is free, so what could it hurt."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have tried several backgammon games and this is the best by far!!!!!!!!!  No questions asked, don't even bothering trying any others.  If you own any Apple products and want a good backgammon game, I feel sorry for you because Apple doesn't have this version.  All of their version can't compare.  There are a lot of comments about this game cheating, I don't have that problem and I beat the game frequently on the most advanced level. Love the speednof the game too."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is an excellent version of backgammon.  Very easy to play or undo your moves.  Although, sometimes it really looks like the CPU is cheating, I do not believe it does.  I have beat this game so many more times than I have lost and I have played at level 4, a lot.  Plus, I have played many other backgammon computer games &amp; none compare to this one.  The higher the level the more the CPU uses classic strategy moves and it also hits your piece more, but that goes with any good board game.  All things considered this is a worth while game to down load and purchase."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love this app!! Yes,after 14 days you have to pay $9.99 a month....but this app has helped keep my sanity. It is the first app that Amazon has put out for music that I have liked. I  have tried over 100 apps. from Amazon and they asked for my opinion....here it is.Rhaspody has an extremely large array of music.I had no problem finding all the different artists and albums that I love. You can even download music to play off- line . I can listen to my music all day and night long.Please get this app....you,ll love it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is amazing and does exactly what it says it will do. I was worried after reading some of the other reviews, but I downloaded it anyway and I'm extremely impressed. I had an important phone interview for a homework assignment and I wanted to make sure that I wouldn't forget anything that was said. This app recorded the entire 20 minute conversation and auto-emailed me a copy of the audio recording. I highly recommend changing the audio format in settings to MPEG-4 and choosing the auto upload to your Gmail account. I will definitely pay for the full version once the trial time expires. 5 stars all the way!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "the first moment I got this app it it went crazy with nonsense words like Russia, paper, whatever, hats and much more. the app is only good for pranking your friends. I would'nt recommend it if your trying to find real ghosts. just get the equipment if you want go look for real ghosts. to prove my point that this is a fake I went to over 50 houses with this thing over 2 months. every house had ghosts even the ones that were brand new and not on any burial  ground.  whatever. you do don't. waste your money."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "There are lots of glowing reviews for the good things this software does, so I will post the main reason for my three star review:The TuneIn Radio software does not shut down properly.Regardless of whether I click the \"back\" button on my Droid Charge (which ends most applications), or press Exit in the TuneIn Radio menu, the program remains running in the background, consuming precious battery power. I am forced to fire up a task manager to kill the application.The other incredibly frustrating issue with the program is that, even after I have used a task manager to forcefully kill the app., the app. occasionally restarts itself in the background.Fix those two issues and it's a five star application."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Whenever I want to buy a book from Amazon, I use my Kindle app. I now buy all my books that way.  For example, I have been steadily working my way through Ken McClure's medical thrillers at $5 per book (out of print every way but Kindle for his older books).  It has been a great reading experience.  Ironically, I use my Kindle app more than my sister uses her actual Kindle.  I've also read ebooks on Good Reader and iBooks.  I'd say Kindle holds its own with both of those."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Despite AI's claim to the contrary, this program cheats.  I've had this one day, played maybe 10 games, and every time I've put it on the bar it gets out on the first roll.  One game it got out three times in a row when I had four covered.  And it wasn't the same spot open every time.  The 6/1, 3/1, 4/2 rolls to start the game for them and the 6/2, 6/3 rolls for me are quite regular, too.  And guess how often those open pips get hit....  Prepare to be frustrated, like with every other computer version you've played.  At least it was free."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was looking for a stream to listen to the Pats playoff game.I realized I needed an app.Google App Store came up with TuneIn,great reviews so I got the free version just to hear the game......YA Right.I realized very fast that this app lets me listen to radio stations from all over the World!!It lists in real time what songs are being played on 100's of stations.If you search a band it shows what stations are playing that band.I found a 128kbs station in Hondorus that plays only Pink Floyd(some VERY deep rare songs)!! I am going to get the pro,right now,for 99c(On Amazon).With it you can record content to your memory card!! I thought Pandora was good,TuneIn blows it away.I was missing a real person talking on the other end of my \"radio\".Missing it no more.Technology is great....sometimes!! This time!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "So short! My goodness! Love Fire maple games though! This one, Trapped in Wonderland, the lost City. The lost City is my favorite! That one isn't as short, &amp; really cool cause you get to play mother nature and change the seasons back n forth, can't cross the lake? No problem, just turn it to winter, so that the lake will freeze, THEN just walk across! Stuff like that is allot of fun! Thanx guys for the awesome time&amp; effort! Keep em coming! Waiting for sequels!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I tried the app Word Frenzy on my Kindle Fire and I thought it was OK. It wasn't a game that kept me really interested or one I wanted to play just to waste some time. I have tried other word game apps that are better than this one. I didn't dislike the game, just didn't really like it either. I think what really gives me this opinion is the game doesn't have any eye catching graphics. Everything is different shades of green. It is free so try it and see if you like it, if you don't you aren't out any money!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "playing on a kindle - game works great! no problems with controls and I usually have trouble with them. you can move the control stick to wherever you like so it is comfortable for you. I have not played all levels yet but enjoyed what I have played. the breakaway talking is a bit much but can be turned off - radiant had the same chatter and I am used to it. (I got that one from the faotd awhile ago)  this game is definitely worth a try and is amusing!! if you like arcade type games from the eighties you will probably enjoy this."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Get a pizza and have some old school fun!. Music takes me back to \"good ole StrawHat pizza days\", where we played Duck Hunt on a big screen you shot at with a plastic shotgun while eating pizza with the whole family. Game controls are right on, graphics and sounds are a blast! The more kills you get, the more special planes open.. Hint: Fly away from the fight, and turn back gunning!!:::  P.S. Don't shoot the ducks!! lol J/K. Remember: It's always EZ, when you SEEK, for all your (Must Have) apps and information&trade;&hellip; Enjoy all!!.. Time for a pizza dude!!&lt;l. H-W-B-H-S. Never give up the good fight!.."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have used this app on both desktop and android and would rate it as &#34;functional, but nothing to write home about. Had to remove it from my phone, but that was because of RAM problems, not the app itself. It does have a few cool &#34;sister&#34; apps that are separate apps working in conjunction w/ it, but the app itself is about what you would expect. May very well work better on the Kindle hardware, but I don't see the point in purchasing a tablet when I have a smart phone, a laptop, and 2 desktops already. I personally prefer Adobe Digital Editions and the Nook apps (Barnes & Noble), but mostly just because I am more familiar, having used them both first, and I actually would rather have a paper book than any of them. If you need a decent reader app, this one is just as good as the next, so go ahead and try it out, just make sure to comparison shop."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't know if the people who created this app are crazy or just people who want to pressure America.  well to get my point across loud and clear &quot;LOOK AT THE PHOTOS OF THIS APP&quot; and u will relize the Leicester of garbage this app really is.  its not tower defense.  and the name of the game shouldn't be called bubble defense because you are nit defending the enemy Wichita is the bubble.  anything would be a better name than that.  so just by that, u can tell that the game is inexperienced and just by the photographs, u can tell that this game has bad graphics and for all you know, this may not even be a tower defenestration's!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I liked it right after I downloaded it. I liked it when I was playing around with it. Easy to use and maneuver. Had problems connecting to a lot of stations. Had problems triong to figure out how to stop it and exit out of the app completely. I just ended up pausing it ans leaving it paused, until the middle of the night. It unpaused and scared me half to death, beings it was close to my head. I paused again and set it down. It unpaused once more. I, then, decided to uninstall  it. Thanks, but no thanks."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "often i am looking for used art books and if i want to do a quick comparison shop i simply use this app to look up the item at amazon and quickly check the reseller prices.  then i switch to the ebay app and check the same item.  it is a toss up on which has the lower price.  it can go either way.  i simply swipe back and forth on my ipad to go from one app to the other.  the whole process takes at most five minutes and i can place a one click order on amazon if it has the better price.  this is much, much faster and easier than using the web browser.is this as fully featured as the web browser?  no it is not.  the ebay app is a lot more robust.  however, this is a really good start."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Like any other Backgammon app, this one increases the difficulty by tweaking the rolls to favor the computer. But it has some nice features for beginners.  You can take your move back even if the computer has already moved. It shows you which pieces are available to move, and where they can move, if you want it to. You can choose single games or matches with or without doubling.You can play against other people if you want to. For advanced players, this would be a convenient way to do that, but advanced players will not be challenged by the solo play. I'm advanced-beginner level and win most games at the highest level."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've used SplashId for several years on Palm, Windows Mobile and Windows desktop. It has been easy to use. Synchronizing between platforms has been good but not perfect. Version 6 wireless synchronous works very well, better than previous versions.The interface in this version takes some time to learn but is pretty good. After using version 4 for a few years, I've had difficulty finding some functions and features but no serious issues.The big problem with this version is that the App locks every time I switch to another App. I open SplashID Safe,  enter the password, get a password for a web site, switch to the browser and then return to SplashID only to find I must enter the password again even if only a few seconds passed since I entered it.SplashData tech support says the lockout delay was removed for security reasons. They are working on a solution to add the lockout delay back into the App. The Aneroid App is practically useless to me if this defect is not corrected."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I enjoy this game very much. I find it relaxing to play and I even enjoy the music. It is one of the few games I play with the sound on. I play every level until I get a perfect score on them all - and then reset the scores and start over. I really don't understand the bad reviews. Must be a matter of taste. I don't much care for high stress games but I don't mind thinking. Play in on Kindle Fire so the SD card thing is not an issue."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I always appreciate when people think outside the box and try to give a new perspective on things.  With this app though, I think more personal preference was put into the design and layout, rather than thought about what others would enjoy or find useful.Then again it could just be me.  I couldn't get used to the home screen diamond navigation or the quick access buttons.  I found them all rather clunky and hard to use.  The list of apps organized into running, services, recent waas nice.Overall the whole interface ran slower that the default one, and made the choice to uninstall a no brainer.  Better luck next time."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't know where I'd be without both my Kindle and my new Kindle Fire!  I bought my first Kindle when I had my shoulder op. Wow,  how have I ever managed without it? But be WARNED,  if you start a library,  make sure you keep your old email address and password if you decide to change your email address to a new one.  Libraries are not transferable.  I DID NOT KNOW THAT!  Now I have two libraries. Something Amazon needs to work on. Just sayin'"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "oh wow weird!  the first night i installed it and let it run. 3 things happened in less than a few hours.  one, it said &quot;john&quot; ...my name is jon! then it said &quot;jonathon&quot; creepy! then i let my dog out side...i let her out for a few minutes, came back and sat, then let her back in...came back to the phone and it said the word &quot;porch&quot;...right when my dog was out side waiting for me at the back door!  then tonight, i had to write this review...i was out eating with my partner, and we left about 11:00 pm...at 11:03 it said &quot;transportation&quot; weird weird weird!  lots of other weird words show up, many of them were just plain weird to be a coinsidance! check this app out! you'll get hours of enjoyment! trust me!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "&quot;this game took over my home screen!&quot; it's not a game its a live wallpaper, like it says!&quot;uses too much battery. &quot; that's what a live wallpaper does, if you don't like it then don't use it but don't downrate the wallpaper for it.reviews are meant to be a review of the quality of the app.. if you don't understand what it is or what it does then freaking ask before rating.great app, super cute for Halloween. runs well on my myTouch 4G and is way better than most live wallpapers i've used"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Home values are way off!  Typical &#34;Zestimate&#34; prices are tied to accessed valuation, not to the potential sales price.  Price swings of $3 to $5k in a few days are crazy.  In my neighborhood, where houses are selling at or above asking price and are listed for only a couple of weeks before selling, Zillow estimates sale price up to $40,000 less than actual.  Sales ranges with a spread of $50 to $60k don't make any sense at all.  In new developments where new home prices are pretty much cast in stone, Zillow has &#34;Zestimate&#34; of up to $100k less!  My house, just as an example, has an appraised sale value of $289,900.  Zillow estimates the sales price to be $232,000.  My tax appraised value is $256,500. Go figure?  Don't count on this app to give you anything accurate."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The title says it all. The reason I didn't give it a better score was not because of what it is or what is was supposed to be or do. It was just for fun.  It was because of the way it worked. It used way to much system resources and was nearly impossible to turn off. On more than one occasion I had thought I had turned it off only to find it still running in the background. I couldn't find any setting to shut it off on exit. I had to use the app killer installed in order to close it. Quite annoying."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have been a subscriber to Rhapsody for more than 5 years.  The selection of music in the genres that I like to choose from is adequate...nothing great!!!  I only stay with them because I need to update the license every 30 days or so in order to listen to the music I have downloaded to my MP3 player.  But I am giving serious consideration to going to an alternative music source.  Reason you asked...the software is very &#34;unstable&#34; in my opinion.  It frequently locks up at the most inopportune times.  Obviously, this requires restarting the software program and reloading what I had already begun.  It happens so often, that it has become a pain in the backside.At this point, I would not be strongly recommending Rhapsody to others."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Thanks to the developers for the fake review below! I cannot explain all the 5* reviews. I downloaded this app an hour ago, tuned to my favorite overseas channel and hopped in the shower. Admittedly it was a long shower but in 45 minutes I had to jump out, dry my hands, log into my phone, check the app, force start it, jump back in the shower and continue sudsing up, a total of 7 times. So you can see why I'm not enjoying this app. Sorry, but it's a big thumbs down and immediate uninstall.Maybe the next time the devs write another review they should be a bit more honest. one can wish!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game tries really hard to be a new spin on pac man, only thing is, pac man did it better and is still going strong after 30ish years. The graphics are mediocre. The controls aren't great. But if you like pac man style games, you may like this, even though it pales compared to the original, and even some good knock offs I've tried. Installed it twice because I really wanted to like it and give it a 2nd chance. But I know I'll never pay it, so I uninstalled it for good."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "it kept giving me battery, life, eviction, and dog, and I couldn't figure it out.  finally, after turning on the radar, I saw the phone point to itself.  I ran to my local church, and had the priest do an exorcism on my phone, and sure enough, after the excorcism, my phone battery now lasts twice as long.  on a side note...I knew that yappy dog next door was posessed, and after shooting it with holy water, it burst into flames."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "this app is great and very handy.  the kindle fire comes with a downloaded dictionary but if you wanted to find a word it would take a very long time.  u might not even find the word.  my English teacher makes my class do sentences on words people have never heard before.  I have to write down a definition for the word and half the time I cant even read it because of my handwriting. but with this app I can just type in the word and it comes up instantly.  so if you have a kindle fire with the bad dictionary than I highly recommend this app.  and any smartphone for that matter."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Most games with a joystick of any type is quite hard to play without a physical controller on android, but this is by far the best I have come across. This can be attributed to its side-scrolling platform, but this just enhances play as the difficulty of 3D is taken away but replaced with loads enemies flying across your screen with different capabilities. You even get new planes after playing certain levels, which is great when you need that edge to beat a level that you can't do with your favorite plane."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This MP3 player is useless on my Samsung Galaxy S3 Android 4.04 phone. The app will only use the phone's internal memory to store all of its data. All the wasted megabytes for their album cover cache, and you can get about 15 or 20 albums at most on the phone (depending on other apps you have) before you will fill up an S3. Streaming is fine, but that only works when you are on Wi-Fi unless you want to eat up your small (these days) monthly G4 LTE bandwidth cap. Which is fine if you only listen to your music occasionally, but not so cool if you are an every day audiophile like anyone who would bother to pay a monthly fee for Amazon's MP3 cloud progam. So yeah, it's useless. Deleted app, canceling cloud subscription, will just use a competitor cloud product and rip CD's or whatever, if they can't make it convenient, then what good is it, really?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Great as a solitaire.  Only problem is trying to keep a continuous score.  You cannot press ok and then leave the game.  Just leave the game.  When you come back your score will be there.  If you press okay.  The next time you play the game will be set at zero.  Was able to get it up to 1000 wins, but don't know if that's all you can go, or if I pressed ok by mistake.  Trying again."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "From what ive heard, these ghost word generators can be eerily accurate, which may be a sign of true paranormal activity. It could just be plain cooincidence too. Either way, ask your friends about personal ouija board experiences. Using Ouija boards have been reported to cause anything from hauntings to possesion, and honestly what is a ouija board but cardboard with numbers and letters drawn on it? My point is, using things for the intent of talking to otherworldly creatures might bring trouble your way...especialy on a computer program like this. Also, the battery life issues are probably just the program using alot of power, but ghosts reportedly drain battery power, so it could be a sign of true activity if the power gets low while getting accurate word hits."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have had this app less than three days, and thus have not had sufficient time to fully evaluate it to my complete satisfaction. Yet here we are, here I am, with a request from Amazon to rate this product. First...IT WORKS! But why shouldn't it? One assumes that these free apps have been tested before they are released. The sound quality is quite good, but that's more a function of the phone than the app itself. And so there we are. Perhaps, in six months or so, when I've used this app for a while, I may reevaluate it and update this review. And I may not. In my opinion Amazon needs to reevaluate its product review policies to allow users more time before they request and expect a review."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I added this to my Kindle apps to test my WiFi since I had never used this feature of my router (I've only used wired connections so far). The router was on the floor about 50 feet and two walls away from the big screen TV where I wanted to stream Netflix videos in HiDef through the Kindle Fire HD 8.9\". It turned out my signal was a little weak at that end of the house. By simply raising the router to eye-level in the room where it is installed I increased the signal substantially. I've also used this to find and measure open WiFi networks accessible on my Kindle from parking lots where I was waiting for my wife to finish shopping. It's a useful and interesting tool. WiFi analytics Tool also works, but I preferred the displays on this app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Usually I carry my Kindle Fire with me to appointments for reading while taking up space in a waiting room, however, there are times when I am surprised with unplanned time waiting time (waiting for family members to finish shopping, etc.).  Those are the times that I really enjoy the Kindle App.  Several people have asked me how I get a Kindle book to open on my cell phone.  They are totally unaware of the Kindle App.  It is one of the best kept secrets by Amazon Kindle.  I think Amazon should do more open advertising of this hidden feature."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've been using this app since the first of the year. Most of the time it works well but I have found some errors in the Bill Reminder feature. If you pay a bill prior to the date in the Bill Reminder, you can mark it paid but then on the actual date it will post again, deducting it a second time. Luckily I check my entries every day so I can monitor this flaw.The second thing I would like to see is a way to export my entries so they can be printed out. With no way to back up this program, I worry about what happens if my Kindle Fire crashes.The reports: mostly useless."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I grabbed this app when it was the free app of the day, and it's one that's certainly worth the price. The controls are intuitive, there's variety in difficulty, the highlighting is great (which you can turn off if you want), and the way hints are done is unique- they really are hints, and not just flat out giving you answers. They've actually helped me get better at sudoku in general. I love the autopencil settings- autoerase isn't a feature I'd seen elsewhere."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Graphics look nice on my kindle fire and gameplay is smooth, ui is easy to use. I'm a newbie to freecell, but I finally solved my first one after about half a dozen previous attempts.Couple suggestions: allow undo's all the way back to the initial state (currently, I think the undo's are limited to 10 or so ?). Secondly, allow user to move a card from the Aces area back to the tableau -- currently, I think once you stack a card onto one of the aces stacks, it won't let you move it back to the tableau.  These two features are absolutely critical when you need to backtrack in order to find the solution.  When these two issues are resolved, combined with the killer graphics, this will be the app of choice for playing FreeCell."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I began using this app months ago and saw immediate results. I saw how what I was eating was too much, even with the exercise I did. I adjusted my eating accordingly and began dropping weight immediately. I live hiw you can record what you ate and it will tell you how many calories. You can also track exercise. With everything you enter it will tell you where you're at on calories. Often I find that I can eat a small treat at the end of the day, and I'm still within my calorie alotment. The app customizes to your weight loss goals and it has been truely awesome."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "this game is realy cool its a little hard at times but still very fun the game has great graphics this game can be very frustrating but still my faverite mystery game works great on the kindle fire.COOL GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is perfect for those times when you're totally stumped on a crossword.  You enter the letters you have and question marks for the blanks, and it will give you a list of possible words.  Clicking on a word will show the definition.  Doesn't work for proper names, unfortunately, nor does it work if the answer is multiple words (e.g. \"peanutbutter\").  May return a huge list of words if you have too many blanks.No ads!  Huzzah!Works great on both the Evo and the Xoom."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "greetings fellow amazonians from here at the Nashville city holding cell. this is not where I live, but I was extradited to here because a previous public nudity charge.anywho I was here and pretty bored so I looked up the faotd. I was a little worried that bubble defense 2 was not good to download and play in jail, but boy was I wrong. even though the game is a little lame the guys here don't care. some of them have been sitting here since the first. iphone came out and didn't know that this stuff exists. what was great I could use this game as a new currency which is really making my stay here pretty nice. thanks amazon for making my stay in jail an enjoyable one!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Another bloated, oversized app with 32 permissions, ridiculous lack of features, wants to sit on the memory of the internal SD, and is unfriendly to older smartphones.  Just another Prime &#34;benefit&#34; that is totally unusable because, once again, Amazon hired The Three Stooges to develop the app that runs it.  Nyuck THAT.Amazon - If you want families to begin flocking to your Prime club, make the benefits available to ALL ITS MEMBERS and for ALL DEVICES, or they feel cheated for the price they're paying you for Prime, especially after the INCREASE. Got an email today saying this music service is now available for Prime members, so get ready for the big disappointment when the Prime members realize it's just another component that is seriously lacking and not adding to the reasons why one should subscribe."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Other reviewers have covered this title's strengths and weaknesses pretty well already, so I'll just summarize my experience with the game:Strengths:- If you liked Military Madness on the the Turbografx-16, you're in for some nostalgic fun- The units, the game play, it's all just like you remembered it, as far as I've seenWeaknesses:- The AI is weak, and the difficulty (particularly if you played the original game) is fairly lowDespite the weak AI, I'm enjoying playing through it so far.  It is sort of a bummer that it's not available for the Fire, though."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I use LauncherPro as my home screen and have grown quite attached to it. But I thought I'd give this one a fair go to see if it was worth considering. If you are tired of your stock home screen then, yes, I think you should give this a look. It seems zippy and allows you a little more customization than some stock home screens allow. The biggest thing that irked me as that it replaced how I turn on my phone (the launch screen, is it called?). It completely replaced it and didn't ask me if it was okay first. Worst yet, I dug around the options and could not figure out how to turn my old screen back on. It was about this time that I gave up on it. Otherwise, I mostly liked what I saw and liked that it offered a lot of options (just not the one I wanted).Worth considering, especially today while it is free, but it wasn't up to LauncherPro status to me."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "What can I say that others haven't? This app works well. I like how it gauges and displays the time left in each chapter. I also like how that time is continuously updated (like when I stop reading for a bit and then resume). I suppose I mostly appreciate the percentage of the book already read. Really gives me a true location to where I currently am in the book.. this feature also estimates the time to the end when I open a book that I have already read, basing its estimate on how long it took me the last time to read cover to cover. Not necessarily needed info but nice to know what I average from book to book. This app will stay on my RAZR Maxx until I buy a Kindle Fire later this fall."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "so I lived in this house and we new it had a ghost or 10 so I got this app to see if it works and there was a lot of red dots and my dad moved in with us not to long ago and his name is mark and then he left for work one day and me and my mom pulled out my kindle fire we were playing around with the app and then it said &quot;sunlight,MARK,help, leave &quot;and we had just bot a new home and we think it is mad we r moving and now it keeps hurting us so we don't move.this app works well get it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was lured by the first 15 puzzles. I was cocky and feeling full of myself.Then \"BANG!\" I was thrown a tough one. I was not so cocky any more! The puzzlesin this game are good strategy builders. The target number of moves seems easy at first,until you realize that each move is scored by the smallest square on the board. So far,I have only done one puzzle that I came even close to matching the target number of moves.That, however, will not deter me from trying to beat it!! Give it a try, and you will beamazed, frustrated, elated and relieved!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Well after using the real TV Guide on my smart phone this needs a lot changes to make it easier to use. Lacking a lot, hopefully it will make changes in the future or Amazon can get the real TV app. But I won't hold my breath. I'm still waiting for them to carry some locale apps that both of the other big name apps download sites carry yet Amazon doesn't if they can't produce the apps for kindle like Google or ios site they need to get out of the app business. I love my Kindle except for this issue. As it is now you need to carry two devises to get the apps you need"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Thanks to this app I found out that my house is haunted.While I was working on my computer I fired this app up having no idea what to expect. I clicked on the \"Radar\" button and it showed 3 blue dots to my right, and 2 yellow ones in front of me. Then my phone says, \"Ignore\". I figure it's telling me to ignore the dots. (Which I assume were ghosts)?Then my phone starts popping off word after word. Are these ghosts having a conversation? It seemed like all nonsensical words. Well after a couple of minutes of this I said aloud, \"Go away ghosts, I'm trying to work here!\"Suddenly the radar went blank and for the next 20 minutes not another word came out of my phone. I finished my work and turned the app off.Freaky Man!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Zillow just seems to be lacking in a lot of listings that I have seen for the &#34;homes near me&#34; from other apps that I have used. It's almost strange that I can turn on a different app and find 10 houses near me for sale in my price range, but with Zillow I can't even find 10 houses for sale near me in any price range. I still use it when I'm searching, in hopes that something will pop up. Usually, it doesnt. It is detailed when I finally find a listing though!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've been mulling over purchasing this game for a few weeks now.  Yeah, yeah, I know, it's only a $1.  But, if I spent $1 on every game/app that I thought I'd spend more than a few minutes with...Anyhow, I am happy to say I'm very pleased with it.  The graphics, background music, and sound effects all blend well together into a spooky feel.  Controls are easy to work with and respond well.  Gameplay is similar to the old Myst titles, where you wander around solving puzzles and finding clues.  Performance on my Epic was perfect, not a single hitch with it.  Hope to see more games like this one!Hopefully this review was helpful for you.  If not, feel free to leave comments/questions."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is a lot of fun on a cell phone but it's even more fun to watch on your GoogleTV!! A lot of times when I have people over I'll put this app on in the background and we'll just socialize or have some drinks and every once in a while we hear some action that we get into. It's really cool as well that you can search the world for a city's radio to listen to. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is beucase on the free version, there are certain featuers that are lacking. i.e. you can't use the &#34;play/pause/stop&#34; button at the top of the screen unless you pay for it but you can still hit the back button and do the same thing if you want it to stop. :)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've been using this app for 2 months on droidX with an occasional FC I could live with in reboot its that good. but I just upgraded to Droid RAZR and it stores photos on external SD storage, this app us nit picking up the receipt photos. also I bought from Amazon market but when I am prompted to review the app it opens Play where I cannot leave a review for it.  don't let these 3 stars stop you from buying this excellent app.  if dev fixes the RAZR photo issue I will be updating this review. the photos are important to me as they are proof of taxes paid"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I listen to several hours of podcasts each week on my aging iPod Nano 2nd generation plugged into one of my stereo systems. I figured I could save the cost of upgrading to a newer iPod by just copying podcasts from my iTunes library to my new KFHD8.9. I couldn't find any easy way to do this until December 28, 2012 when Amazon featured iSyncr at a discount and so caught my attention. I purchased it and it turned out to be exactly what I needed. I did have to experiment with various settings to finally understand the terminology and to adjust the options to my liking. I prefer syncing over USB because the syncing control panel on the PC is more understandable to me and easier to use than the panel on the KFHD. Now, any time I update my podcasts in iTunes on my desktop PC I am just a few clicks away from having everything synced for listening on my KFHD."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It is totally slanted in favor of the computer oponent.  I play at the hardest board and doubles are rolled constantly by the computer opponent and I had zero doubles. also on opening roll, the &#34;good&#34; rolls, ie 4/6 3/5 6/5 etc are always ALWAYS given to the computer opponent........no random play of the dice ever, and when you use the doubling cube and it appears that you have a slam dunk at winning, all of a sudden, double after double on the dice shows up when it is the opponents play......really a waste of time, takes the fun out of playing by not having a random dice play,  awful........dont waste time or money,"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app works as described. I have an EVO 4G and I did not experience any lags. The live wallpaper is almost like a mini game as you can tap on screen to make the jack-o-lanterns explode and the bats fall. There is a counter on the lower-left to keep track of how many you got. You are also able to select from 4 different backgrounds, fog amount and speed, pumpkin and bat amount. Overall this is a neat little app for this months event. The graphics look much better compared to the 4th of July fireworks live wallpaper app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Originally got this for my knock-off IPad (called YourPad) and it worked fine for a while, then got glitchy and wouldn't open the book.  Tried removing & reinstalling, however that didn't work.  Got out the CHEAPER knock-off (iBridge), installed Kindle for Android and it has worked PERFECTLY ever since (knock on wood).  I love that I can take my current reading material ANYWHERE and read while I'm waiting at the Drs office or whereever.  Not my favorite app, but probably the most used one."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Last month, after installing (and using once to listen to 3 songs), I get a notification from my carrier that my data limit had been reached.  After investigation, Amazon MP3 app had indeed downloaded 2.5 GB of &#34;background&#34; data to my phone.  I have no idea what it downloaded, but my plan was throttled until the end of the month.  After setting the &#34;download only on WiFi&#34; option within the application, again this month (just verified that the setting to disable download except on WiFi) another 2.3 GB of data was downloaded in the background.  I really liked this app, but I must uninstall it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The number one benefit of this music app for me is the ability to sync music to multiple devices easily with a wifi signal. That was my criteria for choosing this type of app. I like that we can play the music by accessing the amazon music cloud and not just by downloading each song on my kindle as long as I have wifi. I vary the amount of music I want loaded in my kindle and this app makes it easy and convenient to download individual songs or remove them and leave them only in the music cloud to save space. There is a limit to space available without paying for more and it is ok but not great. How can we complain though for a free app with free reliable service. The music streams seamlessly from the app or the cloud when playing, as well"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "First off, for those that cared to read the description, it's for entertainment purposes ONLY.No, it's not real.No, it doesn't really detect ghosts.No, you're not going to be able to talk to your great grammy.We've been playing with it in the office and, while it's not a permanent addition to my phone, it's added a little enjoyment to an otherwise boring, dreary day. I haven't figured out the advanced options yet but the \"Info\" and \"FAQ\" are better than most. It's straightforward and tells you that it \"does NOT detect EMF nor gravity\".Just in time for Halloween... I think the kids will enjoy this the most. Can't wait to see them walking around the house, trying to find ghosts in the dark. :)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is reason enough to get an Android device.  The information it provides regarding channel usage on both the 2.4 and 5 GHz bands is essential if you want to set up devices and wifi routers for the best possible performance.  Sure, you can get fancier products from Fluke and others, but if you go that route you'll pay hundreds of dollars and have more junk to tote around.For most Android apps there are several functional alternatives.  Wifi Analyzer stands alone.The associated Wifi Connector Library is useful if you want one-click sign-ons to different networks."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Another (Must have) for Kindle Fire users. This one has like 5 setting to check out  just about all you need on your wi-fi.. One has a meter thats great to see where are all the Hot Spots at around the house.. You can even add a beep to it do drive everyone nuts!, beep!!!  beep!, lol. Fallow my \"review list\" here on amazine to find out whats the Best that other Kindle Fire users are useing. Thats all I put on my list.. Nothing but the best for you.. Enjoy all."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "at first I was so confused but I got the hang of it.see here's the thing how do we know that it real because as I was reading the reviews it said that they said song red and other things.that was so funny to me because they say the same thing to me. I'm not saying that people don't say the same things at the same time.what I am saying is that as I read the reviews and play this so-co game I can tell that it uses the same words.don't beloved nh option. just saying until we gather enough evdinfe than MAYBE we could belinlve that it is true until then I Robt think so.otherwise it is a fun so -go game u should downloaded it"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "i am a creator who relies on writing for much of what i do. when i copped my Kindle Fire i immediately went to the dictionary that came w/it. while it is an excellent dictionary IMHO, it is not the most intuitive when it comes to looking up words. i've been using the Dictionary.com site for a few years now, so i started using it through the web browser. since navigating sites w/mobile devices can be tedious at times i installed this app when i found out it existed. it does exactly what i need it to do. when i get some loot i'll likely cop the ad-free version.i highly recommend this app if words are important to what you do."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I VIEW TECHNOLOGY WITH A JAUNDICED EYE. ON THE ONE HAND, WHAT CAN BE MADE AVAILABLE AT THE TOUCH OF A FINGER IS AMAZING. THIS APP PROVIDES JUST WHAT I NEED WHEN I NEED IT. HOWEVER, I HAVE LEARNED TO KEEP MY WANTS AND NEEDS SEPARATED AND HAVE BEEN SUCCESSFUL IN NOT BECOMING A JUNK JUNKIE. CONTROLLING THE LUSTS OF THE FLESH REQUIRES WISDOM AND COMMON SENSE. IF YOU HAVE BOTH OF THESE, THIS APP WORKS WELL... IF YOU HAVE NEITHER, AND YOUR CREDIT CARD DEBT IS BEYOND REASON, PAY YOUR BILLS, THEN GET THE APP."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The puzzles in this are nowhere near as difficult as the ones in 7th Guest or Myst, but they are the same kind of puzzles and my 6-year-old and I had a blast plating this game! It's short, but ABSOLUTELY a value for $1. Right now I am going to go looking for more games in this genre and by this publisher.If I were an adult looking for a challenging game to play on my own, I would want something more than this. But...* As a game to play with your kid, this is great!* For a $1 diversion, this is great!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is hard.And its always acting up.If y'all like like this y'all crazy! Like this one time I put in the right answer and it put in a really bad word so I called the people that owened the game and they said they ment to do that so I said this is a bad game they said don't talk to me like that they said a cusing. word thetheman said I know where you live I said I'm going to call the police ok he said. a bad word THAT'S. MY REVIEW YALL!!!!!!!!! DON'T FALL FOR IT YALL!!!!!!$$$$$$ LOVE NUMBER 7"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This great app gives me access to all of my Kindle books when I am unexpectedly delayed at an appointment. This installed and runs without issues on my HTC EVO (Android v2.3.3).This has a lot of nice features like full color book covers, able to indicate and jump to the last location read in a book in progress (as long as your Kindle wireless was on), and ability to access the Amazon Kindle Store. It doesn't have the text-to-speech, but that is a minor consideration.I still prefer to read on myKindle, Wi-Fi, 6\" E Ink Pearl Display, but this is great back-up since I almost always have my phone with me.Highly Recommended!CFH"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was hoping for more to come of this app as the idea of an app that can help you add up the caloric intake is a great idea, but this app could use some extra work.  I'm glad I picked this up for free and didn't pay the $2 for it.  I'll still keep it, and probably refer to it, but the interface is not all that great to work around and I really wish it would allow you to look at several food items at once so you can see everything.I do appreciate that it is more than calories, knowing how much fat, protein, carbs, and fiber is also useful.I hope they update this app, I would like to see it become more than it is."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "So the game play is fun and amazing, but my issue is the fact that you only need to solve about 5 'puzzles' to finish the entire game... For $1 it's a pretty decent investment for those looking for a way to kill 30 to 60 minutes - or more if you want to drag it out. The problem I had was I found out the solution in 2 nights of playing for about 10 minutes total. Great play, good price, would also love to see a sequel - or maybe a longer version of the same?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The game is fun until you get halfway through it and get a set of letters with no vowels so that you can't even make a word. When this happens, you can only sit there helplessly and watch yourself lose. I'd rather lose based on my own abilities not because the randomness of the game left me without any ability to continue. Fix this and you'll get your fifth star. May I suggest some sort of scramble option, even if it cost you points or abilities or something? May I also suggest code that makes absolutely sure there are 1 or 2 vowels in the letters at all times? Thank you!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "ok, so I downloaded the FREE version and received some pretty interesting stuff. it words like funny, author, look, letter, william and lastly concerned. here's the scoop, my dog Astinos has something going on with his skin that I've been concerned about. I've got student loan ugly face letters that I'm avoiding opening like the plague, I do write pretty funny texts to my friends daily, and as for William...I'm clueless. Some of this is, you'll pardon the pun, dead on but hell, creepiest thing is the digital voice. What do the different colored dots mean? One showed up blue with a red circle around it. If my phone rings right now I'm gonna pee my pants. Get this app. It's fun to me."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I never read game  tutorials, but maybe should have with this one.  It took me a while to realize that the easiest way to build new towers is NOT to drag them, but click the tower you want to build and then click the place on the map you want to build it.  The game itself gives you strategy tips for the game in general during the 1st level.  The only other thing you need is your brain, and it's a decent tower defense game.  The only thing that could be improved is the graphics, and a forced tutorial level that makes you place certain towers and explains what they do."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is the one app that I use daily and has changed the way I read books.  I am the type of person that always has a book nearby and the Kindle app allows me to carry multiple titles in a very small package.  I went to Italy with several books loaded and it was nice to be able to read on the plane, tour bus, etc. without the weight of a book in my hand.  The app is very easy to use and I like the new updates; books are easy to find on the carousel.  This is the first app I loaded when I had to change phones recently... couldn't imagine my phone without it.  Even my 82 y.o. mother has gotten into the swing with her new phone.  She rarely makes calls but loves to have a book close at hand!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Don't get me wrong. This is a good game for those that completely love text based games. My problem is that the plot is so vague, it gets aggravating at time. Collect Treasure. That would be nice and all if I didn't get lost in the forest all the time. I know that it adds to the challenge but if and when I do want to leave, I get even more lost. Your &quot;guide&quot; needs a larger vocabulary because the words I am forced time and time again to use are so simple, I literally drop my Kindle Fire and stomp away in anger."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "there was a ghost in the room, we could feel its presence so I turned this app on and it confirmed that there were actually five ghosts in the room. My uncle is a professional ghost hunter who removes ghosts. He normally uses seventy thousand dollar worth of equipment, including a quantum flux integrator which he designed himself, he says this app is better than all of his equipment, and makes his fancy stuff obsolete. My uncle says if you have ghosts, you should call him, he will remove the ghosts for a small fee. Mom says he's a charlatan. I don't know what that word means but I'm sure it's something nice."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "My husband used this app when my soon was born and it was great! Being able to sync the day's goings on with the baby is so helpful, especially if you have one working parent and one stay at home parent or care giver or a child on medication daily that needs to be tracked. I would love to see this app used in a childcare facility. Being able to instantly see what's logged is great to keep everyone feeling like they're involved in baby's day even when they're at work. Granted I haven't used it in months, but the Dev was responsive and even considers user recommendations! Must have for new parents!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is for those who are old enough to remember playing Colossal Cave Adventure (ADVENT) way back in the old days.  These days, graphics in games are the norm.  If you want an experience that's different than all the third-person shooters, then try this out.  It's very basic with its vocabulary, but if you can manage to get into it, it's a very enjoyable and very vivid adventure because the graphics are all in your head.  It's one of the best relics of interactive fiction.  Infocom games started out soon after this and are very similar.  It's a lot like Zork I, but a little different."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I can't believe I spent actual money on that, let alone time. Game play itself was cute, and the graphics were good, but otherwise not a great investment. Not only were some clues completely non-intuitive, but it took all of an hour to get through. That's it. I would have hoped it would take at least a few hours to justify the price, but no. And it's not as if I'm some skilled gamer who whips through games day in and day out. I'm very much a casual, infrequent game-player, yet this was mostly way too easy for me. You're not missing much, believe me."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app does what I got it to do, which was to handle the feeds to and from my facebook account. I can post my status updates easily, message friends, search, and read updates and view pics.  In other words, it does the basics well.  I also like that several posts that I was not seeing with Facebook's app were suddenly appearing.However, I noticed that one of my regular friends suddenly was not available through Seesmic (I checked the website, and she hadn't unfriended me!).  The other thing that I can't find is how to check in from a location).  For me, if those two issues were fixed, the app would get a 5."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "For playing sudoku, this is a good game - a nice variety of difficulty levels, and an unlimited supply of games (in practical terms, at least).For me where this shines is in the hints.  I've been playing Astraware Sudoku (on another platform) for years, and on the highest difficulty levels, always got to a point where I guessed which number an open pair represented with pencilmarks, backtracking if I picked the wrong number.  With Enjoy, I'm using the hints to learn how to use logic tricks instead of guesswork."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this app for 2 reasons: it was free, and it looked cool. But it got annoying. All it was, really, was a green radar that showed little dots every so often. I quickly got bored with it and deleted it. Afterwards, I was persuaded to actually BUYING the other version of Ghost Radar, which was supposedly &quot;better.&quot; Sure, it was a little cooler. You could go back and forth from the classic radar and an activity waves line graph. It also &quot;translated the ghosts messages to you,&quot; which I actually believed for a while. But don't believe a word of it, people. The radar does not &quot;sense&quot; anything. If you want an app that you can just use for fun, go ahead. But it does NOT sense ghosts. Just saying whaylt your gut is screaming."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I am giving this three stars because I didn't really give it a chance. my qualms with this app were two things: the fact it auto starts, and also that it was a big pain to uninstall on my droid x2. I downloaded it and installed and there was no choice in turning it on or off, it just starts up. then not liking that fact I tried to uninstall it and it wasn't in my app list. might be a great app but I just didn't like the design or functionality of it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It is a fun app but at the same time it never stops!  All day I get messages of \"words spoken\".  It never shuts off and keeps going.  When words are spoken it never makes sense at all.  I'll get \"fire\" \"Norway\" \"also\", it just throws random words out.  But I do like it the kids have a lot of fun with it so I let them go on their own ghost adventure.  So for fun factor I gave it 3 stars.  Obviously it's not real and I never expected it to be but when I shut down an app in my phone I would like it to stop."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "While I have yet to get an answer to a question it does give you responses and some of them are the oddest words. The word bank must be huge. I have kept it for fun and have even put it on my android. I have had both on together but not picked up the same thing in the same place or gotten the same word on both in fact I have not heard the same word twice on one device or any of the three together (wife's android). So i feel that a random generator/selector is not part of the program since most of those things &#34;pick&#34;  the same word from time to time. just try it what can it hurt?!?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "the second night I got it, I was in my room talking to a spirit and I think he or she might have died in a war. I live on a military base, which would support why I say this: the words were sad, brave, run, edge, and blew. I think he or she was running from an explosion and stop on the edge of a cliff or something and was blown up. I am a daughter of a military father and I feel sorrow for him and my family. in case you ask about my name, my dad put me under his email. Salute our soldiers!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I am beyond frustrated.  Three times the game has completely disappeared in the middle of play.  When I open it again,  the game has started over.Then,  my last game I got to level ten on normal mode and out of nowhere the game to my touch.  I helplessly watched as I went from 20 hp to death.  What a waste.  Great concept,  game breaking bugs.  It wouldn't  be fair if I didn't write the developer to try and solve this,  so I will,  and we will see if my rating changes."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "As an e-reader this app is the Cadillac ( not Rolls) of the bunch. Great content, ease of use, etc.BUT it is not a home library substitute. I feel like it was written by a geek who own two books. I have to go into the PC kindle to find a cookbook or a sifi novel or a computer book and then search the title on the tablet to find the book to read.Your programmers need to talk to that librarian that told them to be quiet in the library when they were eight.If I can't find it, I can't read it.Even the new Fire HD doesn't have collections.  WE CAN'T SHELVE OUR BOOK - FIX IT NOW"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Raised on a farm, I've always been told the moon phases affect crop growth and development.  My father even had a garden competition with his father to try to prove this was wrong.  His garden looked great.  Bushy, leafy. Healthy. But not much crop.  His dad's garden looked punier but bore like crazy--an abundance of green beans, great looking corn, cucumbers, tomatoes.  The fact that planting by the phases of the moon might have that kind of effect fascinates me.  And being only a so-so gardener, I can use all the help God can give.  This was a Christmas freebie.  It offers information on moon phases.  Garden season is approaching.  Here's hoping this helps!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Let me start off with I only paid .99 cents for this app and it played very well on my kindle fire hd and that is why it got 2 stars.  The game itself is very short which I would have been fine with for a dollar but add that to the fact that there was no hint button and no instructions to any of the games and the clues where very  obscure and where not at all clear which puzzle they went to, and then the ending was just weird.  Anyway I don't recommend this game at all."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I really enjoy backgammon.  I remember playing it frequently with my dad, learning strategy....I have many reviews concerning this app and the &quot;AI cheats&quot;, especially at higher levels, is very common.Here are my stats after 61 matches played at level 4:Me  CPUMatches won -  56.  5Rounds won.  -  385  226Total Pts Scored -  669  488 (I ran up the doubling cube to 64 one game &amp; lost by 300+)Opponent Pcs Hit -  1297  1225Doubles Rolled -  2067  2009I have learned how the AI 'thinks' and have USED STRATEGY to defeat it.  Now, with that said, I don't play level 5 since I cannot seem to 'crack' the AI's [cheating]."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Well, I wouldn't consider this a fake ....but the likely possibility is that they just have random dots appearing and design it like a real ghost radar and have random common words appearing. I just downloaded it and when I opened my app, it was like &quot;pot &quot; and on the right side of me there was a flower pot. I thought it was cool, but come on, there are pots everywhere! either in your yard or somewhere else, you can always find something common with the random word that appears on the radar. Its a cool app, but in my opinion, they just choose a buncha random words that make you think this app can &quot;detect &quot; stuff when your fooling yourself out. I was using it this morning on my bed and it was like &quot;can, winter, principal &quot;?! Wtf, am I in school or something? lol but this app is worth the download even though it might be fake."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Downloaded this game the first week after Christmas and have been praying Amazon and Optime would fix this for the Fire. No such luck.Even though it appears that you are unable to play, you can, the actual board (as in working) is in the upper left quadrant of the game board.  Tap just off the uppermost left to find the invisible working grid.Anyway, my daughter loves to play it even broken the way it is.Question for other Kindle users, are any apps ever updated??"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app definitely deserves a WOW.  I have been doing cryptograms for a very long time.  I started with the one in the daily newspaper.  Then progressed to the magazines and then to the JUMBO books and even to computer software for cryptograms.  Enigma is the best.  I have only had it for three days, but I have found all the settings, which sets it up to my liking. I tried two other apps, but they come nowhere near Enigma.  Thanks, EC Software Consulting, Inc."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app has everything for someone who likes to play games and likes to have fun at it, likes to think about strategy a bit and likes to enjoy playing. It's easy to play but hard to win, at least on all but the easiest level, so you'll actually have to plan out a strategy to get the win on each level, and it does get progressively harder, even if the action seems repetitive. This game is one I'll keep on my Fire indefinitely and will come back to time and time again for a little respite from my daily troubles."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I had this app on during a severe wind storm. I happened to look outside &amp; noticed a tree down in my backyard. I forgot about the app, leaving it on as I went outside &amp; for the next 3 hours, took a chain saw to the tree, trying to clean up the mess. When I got done &amp; back inside, I picked up the kindle, noticing the words recorded the whole time I was outside. Not only was my first name there, Ellen, but the words, danger, branches, noise, storm, tree, wind, emergency. There was no one in the house the whole time I was outside, nor had I called anyone and no one called me"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It is almost like single-player scrabble. You have a set of tiles and you try to make words out of them. One shot. The tiles you use get replaced and then you try to make another word. You can get bonuses and extra points depending on the point value of the letters used. You can even replace tiles if what you have in front of you isn't working.It is quick to get in to and play and only takes a few minutes per round. A perfect game for passing a little time. I thought this game was well made and very entertaining. A must for all word-game enthusiasts."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Okay, this app is not free, which to me is good because most free apps ****! This app goes into detail like none other. It's not just a hokey horoscope. It goes into details about each sign. Each element. Each phase. Astro tools. And of course, don't forget the love and romance section all to itself. It's informative. It's interesting and goes way into depths of star and planet alignments...EVERYTHING.. Nope. This is not just one of those fortune cookie type things...I use it everyday. It's the first thing I look at. Even before e mails or news. Great great app. I would suggest this one above all others. And believe me, I've tried a few!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "As has already been stated, this is really just another version of the mobile website, however I think that it has slightly better performance.  I prefer the app layout to the mobile theme because it just looks a little cleaner.That being said, IMDb is one of those websites that I can't live without.  Before I discovered IMDb, something or someone would come up in conversation and we would rack our brains trying to remember an actor's name or the name of the TV show that was being discussed.  Usually we wouldn't remember it and then sometime, days later even, in the middle of something completely unrelated, the name would pop into my head...  Alan Tudyk!  THAT'S IT!.  With IMDB, I can easily find what I'm looking for an get the answer immediately, rather than days (or weeks) later."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I thought this app would work, but it didn't. All it successfully did was tell me how long I had been parked. As I was walking to my car the arrow was pointed at me the entire time, telling me I needed to turn around. I didn't listen to it because I knew what direction I needed to go to find my car. Good thing I ignored the app because I found my car without its help.This is supposed to be a paid app and doesn't work. At all. If I'd had listened to the app I would have been so lost.Htc My touch 4g cm7"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I started playing backgammon in college nearly 40 years ago. In fact, I got pretty good; winning several championship tournaments. But, that, was a long time ago. I didn't remember how to play until I got this program for my kindle fire. I like it because it comes with different levels of play as well as instructions! I am now working my way up the levels and have begun sparring with the game's computer. I'm not ready for tournaments at the local assisted-living facility, yet!  But soon!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I found this app on Amazon and thought it would be great to have on my 7\" android tablet. The selection of music is fantastic and I love the fact that I can just relax and listen to the radio or do other things on my tablet while I listen to my favorite music. I like the fact that you can preset your favorite stations so there is no searching around trying to find them again. The variety of radio stations is really good ... there is something for everyone! If you like to listen to the radio, this is the app for you!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This was always a full 5 star for me (I use it on my Asus/Google Nexus 7).  With the last update, suddenly you can no longer long tap on a song or artist and &#34;Add to Now Playing&#34;.  Very annoying drop, and no real reason to lose it.  Please bring this back, Amazon.  Knocked off a point for losing this feature.  Not super thrilled with the new interface either, but change is change as far as aesthetics.  Bring back Add to Now Playing (like Add to Queue from Google Play Music)."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I miss playing backgammon and this is a nice way to be able to play when I can't find a partner.  I enjoy playing and winning, so I just use the easier levels.  Occasionally the CPU will get some strange runs of doubles but looking at the stats shows that it is not that bad.  For people really wanting a challenge, I would suggest using a high difficultly level.  It makes some pretty stupid moves, like moving pieces in the home area to a better take off position while there are still pieces outside of the home area.  But maybe the harder difficultly level corrects that."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I really wanted to like this app. It works great on my Thunderbolt, the music is fine, the graphics are sweet and fluid, and the gameplay is all I had hoped for from a side scroller. The controls petty much killed it for me, though: no matter what you do, the ship lags behind where you tell it to go, and that means you don't shoot the targets, and you eat the incoming bullets.Trusting the life of my little ship and its crew to the accelerometer is as bad an idea as one would expect, but the only other option is to cloak your ship with your finger: an act that does little to hide you from the enemies, but does a fair job of obscuring your view, making this difficult and annoying to play. And at the end of the day, those at not words to describe a game that will keep me coming back for more. Which is sad, because it has everything else going for it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The Wordpress App is good in a bind, but I wouldn't use it regularly to post.  New posts can be written in WYSIWYG, but when I go back to edit, I can only do  it in HTML.  Pages don't display like they do on other browsers.  How do I know what to edit if I don't know what it looks like?Other problems include a clunky interface and an inability to schedule posts.Some good points: I can easily jump between my blogs.  Site stats are minimal but easy to read.  The reader is quick and efficient at fetching new posts, much better than Firefox on my computer.  Still not enough of a draw for me."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "To access your kindle books on an android tablet, this is the best way to do it. It's a little more cumbersome to get your books off the cloud, but once downloaded to your android (Galaxy tablet in my case), this works out just fine. On the Asus and Dell Windows 8.1 tablets (which are actually PCs), it's even more difficult to access the cloud for previously purchased books. I won't take any stars away for that, but only because there may be an easier way and I'm new to Win8 tablets. (Aren't we all?) Considering how many android apps there are, however, I am at a point where I can say that Android is far easier to deal with vis a vis Kindle and apps in general."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "When you move, your Wi-Fi modem just might be having problems because everyone in your neighborhood is on the same channel.  WiFi Modems use channels like Walkie Talkies, and when there are too many on the same channel, your WiFi Devices have a hard time reaching your modem.  This little gem will tell you who is on what channel, and what channels are not being used so that you or your internet provider can change the channel to one that is not being used, and you can enjoy delay free streaming!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is top notch. This is like Pacman, but better I think. There are elements of this game that surpasses expectation. The controls are fine, and I was able to play with effective accuracy on my first tries.The game looks and feels great. Worth a good score. This game had been out for quite a while on the google play store. People there seem to navigate the controls just fine and downloaded by the THOUSANDS!! -(4 1/2 stars on google)-EVAC is a tried and true game, minimal permissions IMO and top 10 FAOTD for the year. Hexage is a top developer with good support. Not sure why Amazon users are hyper critical on FA'sOTD!With no IAP, reasonable permissions, decent controls and gorgeous retro style graphics. This game is worth is price! Ignore the cheepos that can't use there touch screens.Support this developer, they make great games with good support and is a mature company that innovates its products well."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I agree with another reviewer here, who pointed out that this Dragon Fire lacks an option to change the settings of the game, in the event the player is colorblind.As a colorblind American, who has extreme difficulty telling the difference between reds, yellows, and greens in software, I encourage game developers to include options to turn on a &quot;colorblind&quot; mode.Many game developers, such as PopCap, already routinely feature this in their games.This game, Dragon Fire, would be greatly improved if such a feature was added in a future update."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a cool little app.  I use it to sniff around places while I'm out and discover any WiFi hotspots I can connect to.It's also useful to see what channels are in use in your neghborhood (2.4GHz or 5GHz) so you can move your AP to a non-used channel further away from all the others who are running the default channels that came with their wireless box.  Everyone in a neighborhood running on channel 11 or 6 or nn is not good.  Its also useful to determine the type of encryption being used by the various networks before trying to connect to a network.  I also use it to determine which band on my dual-band network gives me the greatest signal strength when I'm in the far away rooms of my house so I can connect to the strongest."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Will NOT launch AT ALL unless wifi connection is available. Had the app for about a month now. I can disable wifi (to save battery usage) after launching, but operation is significantly slower with eBooks already saved on device. The only thing this Kindle app does is download a giant list of arbitrary 'recommended' and 'best seller' cover pics that I have no interest in and cannot disable. All I wanted to do is read books from  a car or a park bench, for which this app is COMPLETELY worthless. Might as well stick to paper books. S#!*EDIT: Installed on an Android 4.0 device, and STILL won't launch, or even connect to kindle store."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I thought that this app was suckish bcuz it didn't really make alot of sense at first and it took forever to load onto my kindle fire and also u just move the moon phases around and it tells wen it was so tht didn't reallly make much sense to me bcuz who would buy a 99&cent; app wen its really only worth $0.00. this app is a peice of CRAP! DO NOT BUY THIS APP IF U DINT WANT 2 WASTE 99&cent;!!! I repeat do not buy this app unless u r a collector of crap apps!!!! the guy's reveiw above is probably tryn 2 get u 2 buy this peice of crap app cuz he made it and wants 99 more cents! don't waste ur money! this app sux!!! DO NOT BUY THIS APP!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Fun app, I wish the vox mode would still be scanning while I look at the radar, so that I can compare the two to see what's the ghosts intentions are.  I started wearing clothes aroused the house because the ghosts were making me feel selfconcious.The first word that came out for me was not fart, but it was the second.  Some eerily accurate words.  It said the word power right before I unplugged it from the wall.Fun app, solid, entertaining, HTC EVOthe nudist"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I can say that this is one of the best radio apps that I've used.  There are tons of different radio stations for your listening pleasure.  You are guaranteed to find something that you like. It's a quality app that I have had no issues with. Also, If you're worried about permissions, just email the developer or go to their website.  The developer is very responsive, which is rare sometimes, with other developers.  Also those sticky intents permissiosn is not only on this app, it's on other apps as well - especially apps that have an alarm function, such as this one.  At $4, this app is a deal. Pandora is $36 per year (with no ads)."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love this app. I have been listening to it for 4 days straight. Stations are plentiful and I can even get radio stations 1500 miles away back home that I miss on this app. It gives you the ability to favorite stations. It also gives you the ability to favorite songs. Then the app uses your selections and recommends other stations you may like.Reception is fantastic, seems like there are hardly any commercials.I was only a tad disappointed because I thought when I  &#34;favorite&#34; a song that it was allowing me to make my own playlist. But after I checked it does bring up all of the songs you marked as favorite but it won't allow you to listen to them; at that point you are only left with purchasing the songs. Other than that; I would have given this app 5 stars.Regards,~ Holley Jacobs"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this free today, so I figured that I would check it out. In my opinion, it's not worth $10. The layout is beautiful but that's just about all it has. The biggest feature that I would like is to have this sync with my accounts. It's not here. You literally have to enter any/every transaction manually. I think this app would be helpful if I had tons of different accounts and wanted to have everything available quickly in one place, but I don't. Even if I did, I can't see why I would want to manually enter every single transaction into my phone when online banking or viewing statements online is free everywhere. It's easier for me to use Pageonce for my needs. I don't see why anyone would prefer this over any of the free money apps out there. If this app actually synced with my bank accounts automatically, I'd have made a completely different review."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Im not saying I don't or do believe is ghosts. lets make that clear. but the point if this app I think is mote to just have fun. I mean seriously out the pal on your kids phone let them have fun with it. it's not the real deal. cause lets say ghost are real and the pros who have big equipment well. that equipment costs thousands of dollar's. now do you really think a phone even as advanced as the evo 3d which I have is capable of matching the hardware as of the pros? No. it's not. so I believe this app is not yo be taken serious but as just getbsome laughs out and dont be afraid to let the child inside of you out and just have some good ole fun.Deuces everybody DJ Collyder out and happy Halloween"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is ok, it does what it says. But there are apps that do it just as well for free, search the market. Most people don't need this on a day-to-day basis(at least I hope not). And the couple times I thought this would come in handy, I wasn't getting a good gps signal in the area, after that and a force close, I ended up finding the car by the time I actually had brought up the location on the map. If finding where you parked is a constant problem for you, by all means try this one out. But for most people, the free ones are going to do more than enough.Droid X"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Good: My 3 year old loves it.  It was fun, interactive, and she got the concept quickly.  Graphics are cool, as are the sticker rewards.Bad: It does get repetitive at times, so a few more challenges or variety would be nice.  Also, it turns off your screen saver as well as your ability to exit the app, so the only way to stop it is to turn off the phone, turn the phone back on, and then kill it, so it's murder on your battery life."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "ok I don't have this version of the Bible app. I have the you version but anyway I read the reviews and am totally shocked!! do some people really not know what the Bible is and think its fiction!!! I am totally blown away by this. God is very real and he is our savior he also gave us free will. so you are free to choose your path and what you believe. however he loves us all anyway and should you ever come to God he will welcome you with open arms. God bless"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "We love our Kindles, but having the option to continue reading our current books on other devices is just too cool.  It picks up where you left off as long as the WiFi is on regardless of what device you are on.  We use it on our Kinles of course, our smart phones, and now our ePads.  The vendor of the ePad said Kindle would not work without a difficult download of an older version of the app; then an update by replacing it with a new app.  None of that was required.  I just downloaded the Kindle app for Android and it works right out the shoot.  It even does somethings better than the Kindle itself.  The battery is much better on the Kindle, but having the ePad option just makes it even better."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I know the description says \"not compatible with Droid\", but one reviewer said it ran fine on his Droid Bionic, so I figured I'd try.  Big mistake - the app ran really slow, then even slower, then hung the phone completely. The only recourse at that point was too pull the battery and restart.  Some may think one star is unfair, given that the app is merely (not) performing as advertised, but there's really no excuse for this kind of behavior on one of the most popular Android platforms."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "For anyone who is acting as their own IT department, this app is a must.  I never thought I would need something like this - then I had a router go wonkie, then my youngest daughter needed Wi-Fi in her room, then I checked into a hotel that had \"free\" Wi-Fi on the easter egg plan....  Simple and easy to use, even for relative newcomers with lots of useful information in a nice graphical format.  Adds are annoying but not obtrusive. A must for your toolbox."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I SAW an earlier review where someone was humorously mocking indulging in old technology (although he enjoyed the app just the same), but I live where there is only one radio station and it isn't very good.  And you don't know how wonderful radio is until you don't have it anymore.  And the sound quality is good (I set the buffer to about 25 seconds) and the quality is really good and the selection of stations is wonderful--just wonderful.  I highly recommend this app to anyone. Also, I tried the alarm feature this morning and it worked great."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I tried this program out just for fun. well the radar was showing large amounts of activity around me- and to make matters worse it was giving me back snippets of my own thoughts! Like when i thought it was weird, it gave back WEIRD. when i thought ha ha that's kinda creepy it gave back CREEPY. I thought about ice cream just to mess with the train of thoughts, and it gave back DAIRY,  followed by COLD afterwards.Then it hit me. I am a ghost.It took some remembering, but i died years back in a car accident, and i had been in denial this whole time.Thanks to this app, i was able to realize that i had passed on, and finally cross over. well. not yet. i am writing this before i finally rest. :)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I had to remove it as I found out that I live in a very dull city.  I guess that is really great!!  I waited and in an hour there were 2 contacts between the dispatcher and a patrol officer.  One about a lost dog and another about some trash.  Each was about 10 seconds.  It did kind of startle me when I heard it.  I thought it best just to remove it.  You may live in a city that has an interesting climate or you are a criminal and want to know when they are coming to your door but that is not me.  Try it you may need it or just enjoy hearing what happening!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I purchased this for my computer and have used it much more than I expected.  I was thrilled when Amazon offered it as a FAOTD!  I was able to easily synch with my existing account using DropBox, so no I have access to this information no matter where I am!  I prefer the computer version (keyboard is easier to use than the little one on the phone) for data entry, but it is nice to have access when I need it.  The program is essentially a database with many different configurations for storing the information.  I now use it as my address book, keep track of accounts and most importantly the various passwords required for all the different sites.  All this stuff is heavily encrypted and password protected, so I feel safe using it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This application gives anyone with a internet accessible device the ability to scan local police and emergency services. Not only that it will scan police and emergency services where ever you are. just go to the browse menu and browse for service where ever you happen to be. I have this on all my phones and even my kindle fire HD. You can go to Wal-Mart or Radio Shack and buy a scanner for a hundred bucks but why would you spend the money when you can just download this scanner on your  internet device?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I wish I had this a couple of years ago when my friend and I couldn't remember or agree which side of Dodger's Stadium we parked on. That said, my truck sticks out like a sore thumb and I usually remember where I park. The times I HAVE used it, mostly for testing purposes, it worked like a charm.I did use this when parking in some paid-parking one time. It was nice to see how long I was parked there and made sure I returned to the right place. I can't say it saved me money, but I do think it saved me some worry.I think four bucks is a bit steep, but I would have gladly paid four bucks that day in L.A.!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Possibly inspired partly by long tap or click and hold gesture of GUIs. Might be nice or menacing, I'm not sure, if popped corn was replaced with new to pop. Something like pop up windows. Or for the paid sequel version 2 which has bread etc levels pop. Anyway got to work out fact that it is just a video game and people can't usually get their minds but so far out of the real life games they make money playing/hosting for others to play. I cared enough to vote. One star is more than zero. The that is my intuition. So I rebel against having to give more stars to rank it higher. An app that gets many votes is more valued or resented than, eh its not the place for this. Ok 2 stars."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Amazon cloud where all your music is stored with unlimited space was supposed to be free with my Kindle Fire. plus I'm already paying $70 a year for Amazon Prime! The Google Music Manager still has unlimited space for free (or when you purchase music from them). that's where I will be headed when Amazon says my time is up, rather than getting nickled and dimed to death and having to choose and upload those 25 songs. Bah bye, Amazon. my next tablet won't be a Kindle."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "it seems odd that a free app like mint.com will populate all of your data for you but easy money requires a tremendous amount of data input.I agree with bacchus' review below so I won't repeat it, but this app appears well suited for people who don't know how to manage their money and don't realize that 9 dollars for an app is ridiculous when a better, free app is available.the app does do exactly what it says so I will give it 3 stars but I would be very disappointed if I paid for this.thank you amazon for the free app of the day."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have used this app for over a year.  It has entertained me, my kids, my friends, my wife, my co-workers and so on.  I am a believer in ghosts, but a severe skeptic of this app.  Every now and then it'll creep you out by spouting relevant words and dots in relevant locations, but at least 75% of it appears to be random or void of energy spikes.  Anyone who takes this app too seriously is gullible and anyone who dismisses it completely is joyless.  It delivers fun and entertainment to believers and skeptics alike and should be used solely for entertainment."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a handy little utility for detecting Wi Fi sources in your vicinity. Within moments, you can see what other users are online in your area and what channels they are using, for both 2.4 and 5 GB. If you live or work in a crowded environment with lots of sources, you can more readily select a channel that will minimize interference. The information is available in a number of formats.Obviously, a utility like this doesn't do much, but it uses very little memory and is easy to use, so it' good to keep it on your device until you need it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've used Zillow on an iPad and loved it, and I was very happy to see it in the Amazon Android app store. It installed and runs fine on my Kindle Fire. I'm not planning to move anytime soon, so I don't really NEED Zillow, but it's one of the most interesting apps I've seen, so I WANT it. Let's face it, it's fun to look up friends' and relatives' homes and see what they're worth. Call it anonymous snooping!Zillow keeps getting better and better, with its filters, graphs of value over the years, and actual photos of many houses. The Kindle Fire has a big enough screen size that it's easy to view properties from a Google Earth view on one side and a Charts and Data view on the other side.A very useful app and one that could be extremely valuable for anyone planning to buy or sell a property."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have spent endless hours using this tool to look at networks at home, at work and school. Very cool to be able to SHOW someone why their network doesn't work very well. Very responsive receiver and graphics and the response rate can be changed in the settings. Like many aps, you have to take the time to explore. Much of what makes it valuble require you to change some of the settings to refine what you are seeing. The only improvement I could suggest is more clarification on looking at 2gHz versus 5gHz signals. But for what it does it is outstanding!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app contains 3 word games. However, as others have mentioned, there don't seem to be levels. Each game is scored, but high scores aren't saved anywhere. Also, unlike other word games, exiting the app ends the current game, rather than pausing it for later. That is my biggest concern. I like to go in and out of games over the course of days.As it is, it's ok for free. I wouldn't pay full price until they updated this app with some basic features."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Sometimes the words it gives you are creepier than playing on a ouija board. For instance: it said my dad's name. I haven't had contact with him in about 5 years. That night I see that he found me on Facebook and sent me a (20 days late) birthday message. I can't decide if I believe in the astronomical odds against that coincidence, or if there was something supernatural about it.If you don't believe in the ghost thing at all, I still say download it. You will probably have fun with it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this app when it was free, but it is definitely worth the $2 asking price. Interface is pretty solid, colors are bright, voices are annoying; all the things that hold a child's attention. I feel this does a good job of teaching simple shapes, colors, and counting.Basically this is a collection of mini games for your little one. Every few mini games, it rewards you with a sticker, which you paste on a wall and immediately go back to mini games. Shape puzzles are smooth and easy for my three year old, counting is maybe a little automated as it doesn't encourage you to follow along as it counts when you tap the fruits. It is educational until your little angel can count to 20 on his or her own, but even then it's entertaining and anything that buys me an extra ten minutes of peace at the grocery store check-out is worth two bucks!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The best radio app on the android market.period.I live in Chicago and this app allows me to listen to all my favorote radio station locally and internationale.The one thing I appreciate about it is that it allows me to use other apps and things while listening,while other apps hold me hostage to the app and not do anything else.The sound is clear and its has never dropped a station in my 3 mints of using it.I strongly encourage you to try this app.Its for the casual radio fan and the hardcore fan alike."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is awesome.. Not a moon pro so cant point out any off details but since I'm sure they will be worked out I know this app is a keeper! Kudos to the brain who thought this up and made it happen.. This app has given me a renewed interest, and this app will likely be another bed time ritual. . the experimental DSS looks great on my K fire, graphics awesome, details and info awesome! Thanks for the freebie, gotta love the educational apps... grreeeaat."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "If this app came on your phone only your carrier can decide if you can remove it or not. Sprint did not preload this app on my phone. I chose to download and use it. I found I could move the app to the SD card on my phone. It works just fine there. I play music stored on my SD card far more than the stuff on my cloud drive. I like this app. I don't like reviews that rate apps down for issues caused by choices made by carriers."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I must admit to HIGH frustration when I first download it and couldn't get it to transfer playlists -- only the songs -- which would have made it useless because you can transfer songs for free without an app with just a USB.  Even restored Kindle to new condition and tried again. Customer service was prompt in responding and suggested I download their (free) music player and use that one instead of Amazon's.  Worked like a charm and now this is JUST what I needed.  Maybe I missed it, but never saw that piece of advice in my installation instructions, so I would recommend they add that so people like me don't get confused (I'm pretty tech savvy too, so if I didn't get it, I'm sure others would benefit from that bit of info!).  Still I'm happy enough to go from 1 star to FIVE stars.  They got it right!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "AFTER USING THE TUNEIN RADIO FREE APP FOR JUST A FEW DAYS ON MY KINDLE FIRE HDX--I COULD HONESTLY-- IMMEDIATELY --TELL YOU THAT IT IS THE BEST THING SINCE BUTTERED BREAD!  IT IS PROBABLY THE BEST APP I HAVE DOWNLOADED FROM AMAZON!  IT IS TERRIFIC!!!  I LOVE LISTENING TO MUSIC AS I WORK-- AND THIS APP IS PHENOMENAL!!  I ONLY HAVE ONE QUESTION: HOW DOES ONE DELETE A \"RECENT\" FROM THE LIST?  IF YOU CLICK ON SOMETHING IN ERROR-- YOU CANNOT GET IT OFF YOUR \"RECENT\" LIST.  GET THIS FREE APP PRONTO!  YOU WILL LOVE IT!!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is ok if you're only looking for what's on right now but iTV has been much more useful to me. I like the display on iTV better because it shows the channels in a list and the times across the top of the screen like the typical TV guide that I'm used to and you can scroll ahead on the times. I tried this one because sometimes iTV is glitchy and I wondered if I could find a more reliable app but even if this one is more reliable, the difference in display wasn't worth it for me.Amendment: After further problems with other apps, I've gone back to this one. It's more reliable and has not once caused a problem on my Nexus 7. You can move ahead to look at the times or look at the schedule for an individual channel."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Yesterday (or the day before) the free app of the day was something to organize apps into folders, with added functionality.  That app was rated well, as there is, arguably, a use for it and the app was intuitive and ran well.  This app replaces something that doesn't need replacing.  Whether you run Froyo or Gingerbread, either will be faster and smoother than this offering.  I can see limited appeal for those who feel the need to customize and tweak and recustomize their devices, but I have better things to do with my time than &quot;fix&quot; what isn't broken and replace it with something that isn't quite as good."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is another solid internet radio app with a gorgeous interface. My favorite radio apps are iHeart and Tunein for local radio. Xiialive has a wider variety of radio stations not found on either iHeart or Tunein. I searched for some of my favorite local stations I use in the other 2 apps and they are not available in xiialive.So instead of using xiialive to replace the other 2 which is what I had hoped it looks like it will compliment the other two apps.UPDATE: This is the FASTEST radio internet app I have used. I don't know how the devs did it but unlike the other internet radio apps you usually have to deal with the connection first then the buffering of the audio. With xiialive I have NOT encountered any buffering or connection issues. Playback is nearly instantaneous. I tried it from a range of radio stations from around the world including different genres and as soon as I selected the station the audio appeared."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Grisly is an old school point and click adventure with high quality graphics and fun, challenging puzzles. Like all point and clicks it suffers from repetition and the sense that all you are doing is going back and forth, room to room to re-click things now that you have the key and so on. Grisly also suffers from small screens and big fingers when it comes to finding stuff. On many screens you can just push everywhere until things pop up. Not much different than moving your mouse around the monitor till your arrow turns to a hand.Overall, Grisly is a fun diversion and a neat trip back in time to old school games. It is easily one of the better looking and functioning games I've played so far. Fans of the genre should pick this one up. If you don't like point and click, don't mark the game down, just don't get it.Worth the cost."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "was tipped to this app by an Apple employee. Thanks! I needed a radio streaming app to get away from massive commercials and wimpy programming. TuneIn finds worldwide radio stations. Sometimes there are buffering issues. You can search by genre, etc. I had major buffering issues with an Itunes radio station - Venice Classical radio.  ( my favourite - just fine music, no commercials or rude interruptions like &#34;subscribe now!&#34; )Tunein has replaced Itunes Radio for this purpose. Very user friendly, many choices and a good alternative to Pandora as well."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This Android game is the best, smoothest, quickest sudoku game engine I've ever used.  It is better than any I've used in a browser or as a download game on my computer.It includes 3 tutorial lessons, and then 13 different skill levels.It compares your times to those of many other players to show you how you're doing, statistically.You can use \"Hint\" > \"Check Entries\" at any time without penalty --it won't respond with \"Everything is just fine,\" until you've entered all of the essential pencil marks-- or else you can take advantage of their graduated hint system or automatic pencil marks.You can also enter the given digits of a printed puzzle in order to solve it within this game.You don't have to have Internet access at the time you are playing:  you can play while your phone is in \"airplane mode\"."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The \"ZombieBooth\" app allows you to zombify anyone in a picture, usually with good results. Full face images without cluttered backgrounds are best. The zombie on the screen will react to touching the screen by attempting to bite the finger and static images can be exported and saved.Tried this on a statue in church and, surprisingly, it worked but I got in trouble with my wife so will not be doing that again anytime soon. Still might be fun at a museum...This installed and ran perfectly on my HTC EVO running Android v2.3.3Recommended!CFH"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've had the pro version of this app for over 2 years. Absolutely love it! We live 2 blocks from the fire station &amp; becuse I'm nosy, it's perfect for finding out why the sirens are going off. This app uses internet streams that people broadcast to the internet, not the actual fire/police frequencies. The scanner is in real time though, because of the internet streaming you won't be able to get car to car, specific police or anything like that unless the person streaming that area is also streaming those frequencies. If you want that kinda stuff buy a real scanner, but if you just wanna know what's going on get this app. If you get the free version too you can stream 2 different frequencies. I scan the county &amp; city police with free version &amp; county fire/ambulance with pro version. This is the best app of this kind. I've tried them all. Great app!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded Ghost Radar Classic (free)first. I got such a kick out of it that I splurged ($.99) and bought Ghost Radar. I have freaked out my 18-year-old daughter, and friends. Sometimes it spouts off words that make you go \"hummm.\" For instance I had it running (on my KFire) one morning as I was getting ready for work. I walked out into the hallway where one of my cats was sitting and suddenly the radar said \"feed\". Yes indeed the cat was waiting for me to feed him.Most of the time it says things that don't make much sense but I get a kick out of it just the same. Yes, I am easily amused. :)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I know I must not complain because it is a free app. But if the developer takes feedback with a positive attitude then please read:1. The menu needs to be revamped with better style as there is too many things to press before one can start playing the game and is annoying.2. Most of the time the app does not seem to register taps on the menus (Tested on Kindle Fire)The game gets very challenging with lots of holes where the balls slides thru' Please make provisions for the ball to re-emerge somewhere else rather than starting from scratch it will make this app even more engaging and challenging.Please make some boards with different background colors as it might get more interesting to play rather than seeing the same color board every-time.Thanks for reading my comments."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I loved this app. It is interesting and fun. It levels. are challenging and make you think. You can change the speed of the orbs and you can choose between two moods, survival mode and regular mode. What more can you ask for. I loved it all of it, except for the time limit. I mean several times I was one orb away from beating the level, and time ran out. I found that incredibly annoying. I would have played survival mode, but I like beating the levels. I really loved how the levels were layed out though. The idea of going through tubes to get to other tubes is genius. I highly reccomend this app it is 100% worth the price. If you are looking for a fun entertaining and somewhat addicting app, look no further. Dragon Fire is here."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love this app because it helps me lose weight.  It helps me keep tabs on what I eat so that I begin to understand the calories and how my activity level impacts on it. I only use it when I'm determined to lose weight and when I lose it (or don't), I stop. The first time, I lost about 8 lbs after using it for 2 months.  Then, I stopped using it and I go back for a month or so, whenever I want to lose weight.  My weight loss has leveled off since then and I can't make huge losses again.  However, this was very useful especially if you are a huge foodie like I am.  I like eating a mixed bag of international food and you can find the most obscure food on there too and portion out how much of it you actually ate."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "xiialive is a great player for SHOUTcast streams.When I searched the GENRE section, I immediately found a great station that I'd never heard of before.The equalizer works pretty well on my Kindle HD7. I use a CUSTOM setting.It does have a couple of desirable features that are not easy to find, if you don't hold it right.Bitrate selection requires holding my tablet in portrait orientation and looking for the android-standard menu on the pull-down buttons.It is not Pandora and it isn't RealPlayer, so there are several internet radio sources that it can't play, but that doesn't mean it is the worst player out there.It just means that it won't play streams that aren't SHOUTcast streams, duh.And I finally found out how to close the player.Press the STOP button, first, and then exit the app with the BACK arrow."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "One of the things I look for is &#34;unique&#34; games -- games that provide something that isn't already available in dozens of other games.  (Can you say &#34;match-3&#34; or &#34;hidden object&#34;???)  Totemo begins as a very simple concept, but quickly graduates into some extremely challenging levels, all based on math and logic.  There is some &#34;background story&#34; -- though it does not affect the gameplay at all, and frankly is pretty mundane for the most part.  But anyone who likes a logic challenge should enjoy this game."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I find I go to the 'Table of Contents' often to reread a chapter or go to a favorite chapter. I was also using a Kindle Bible in church to quickly jump to the  'Table of Contents' then to the chapter (Book) I wanted. After this last update there is no '2 touch' go to contents any more. In fact the \"Table of Contents\" in the menu will not even take you to a  'Table of Contents'. To change books in the Bible I have to:1. go to the menu2. choose Navigation3. from there I can choose  'Table of Contents'4. choose book5 choose chapterBy then it is too late. Other books don't have a \"Navigation\" choice. How about a 'Go to  'Table of Contents' ' in the  'Table of Contents' tab...come on this is common sense. Why even call it  'Table of Contents' if it does not take you there."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "My son and I just sat down for dinner and then'&quot; Mark&quot;, I jumped as well as my son... &quot;Mark.. Mark,  Mark.&quot; I was thinking of anyone I knew named Mark... Then came that eerie,  monotone, robotic librarian voice once again..... &quot;MARK.... MARK,..Mark, Mark, mark&quot; it kept saying this about eight to ten more times..Now my son thinks It's Max,  his puppy. that passed away... He's barking at us dad! ( apparently when dogs go to heaven,  they are all given &quot;Hairlip's&quot;... to keep the noise down. that's kinds nice to be Marked at instead of Barked at) Either that,  or It's just a silly app...But with all the other Amazon scientist's review's of this app, We believe,  just as you will too.....!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I am not a very serious backgammon player, so I cannot speak to the quality of the AI. I do know that it can beat me on level 5 if I play irresponsibly. Of course, sometimes I get lucky. I do know enough about backgammon to know that \"luck\" usually favors the better player. Yes, the dice matter, but it is more about what you do with the rolls you get.I find it fascinating to read accusations that the game \"cheats.\" I just played a game where I was way behind and rolled consecutive double 6s to get closer. I still lost, but I thought I would throw out this experience as evidence that the dice can come up with unusual rolls both ways.You just can't go too far wrong with the AI Factory games. I love their backgammon, checkers, and chess. I was thinking about buying this anyway, so I was very glad to get it as the FAOTD."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love this app on my smartphone. I can listen to any of the 431 Albums of music I've purchased from Amazon (over the years) on my phone, With headphones it sounds as good as an iPod. The app either lets you listen to the cloud songs, or to songs that you downloaded onto your device, my case being my smartphone.I would recommend this app for anyone who has a smartphone or Kindle (prob other tablets too) and who purchases mp3 songs/albums from Amazon. I ALWAYS use WiFi so I don't use data on my phone data plan. I've had no glitches, no freezing, no issues at all."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "In this game you are given a grid of bubbles of various sizes which you must pop to clear the board. As each bubble is hit (with a satisfying POP!) it grows a size until finally it bursts, sending a blast to the nearest horizontal and vertical bubbles, which in turn causes them to grow. You are given a limited number hits, but as the bubbles burst they will do some of the popping for you.The trick is to figure out which bubbles to hit to cause a chain reaction of bubble popping splendor!A good time waster. You can solve bubble grid puzzles or play arcade mode to either get a high score or just to zone out on the pop pop popping.Minus one star simply because it can get dull doing nearly the same thing over and over, with no new challenges or rewards in higher levels."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "When I first saw this game available for download I was skeptical, since lots of games out there are garbage. But since it was a free download of the day, I decided to give it a try. To say the least, I was thoroughly impressed!!!!!!! I am a fan of the old school Shadowgate and UNINVITED games on nintendo, and this game is just like those!!! Sure enough, I was stumped about 10 minutes into the game lol. So if games like the ones I just mentioned or even Myst, this game will definitely hold you down!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I really enjoyed this at first, but eventually the non-intuitive and clunky controls made it impossible to move blocks or escape the red guys at a fast enough  pace.Another annoying thing was the messages from the evil guy would interrupt the game and put a modal dialog box on top of the screen which obscured the maze. You'd have to click to dismiss it and meanwhile you were interrupted in the middle of escaping from the red guys, and when the box went away you'd have to quickly figure out where you are and what you were doing. I lost a lot of life points because of this. They should have the boss's taunts appear in an area separate from the maze so it doesn't interrupt the game.Otherwise the game was fun, and the power-ups were a nice addition to Pac-man."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It's true that this app doesn't have any additives and is really just a link to the IMDb website.  But, for me, it proved very useful today at a presentation where a former film critic for a major newspaper was discussing various films.  I was able to quickly access the IMDb website on my Kindle Fire, which proved quite useful in following the discussion.  I had previously used the website to look up movie times and to see where a movie was playing locally but I would not have used it in an audience setting if not for the app, which made it very easy to access the IMDb website.  For me, it's a valuable tool to have."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Works for the most part if you're reading, but I like to listen to the Bible while driving.  It's nice that it even has audio because none of the other free bible apps I know of offer that.  My only beef is that sometimes the audio works, and sometimes it doesn't.  I guess it's not the app's fault.  Probably has something to do with the Sprint cellular network I'm on.  I would have preferred to have an option to save the files on my phone as opposed to getting them off the web every time I open it.  That way I'd have instant access to it.  I gave three stars however because despite its problems, the price is right."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Does a great job of presenting and integrating the app store as well as installation. The other marketplaces could learn a lot from the Amazon Appstore App. There is just one frustrating failing that really needs to be addressed soon. If you delete an app and REALLY don't want it any more there is NO WAY to remove it from your list of Apps in the Appstore App. It just sits there forever, cluttering up the interface. Huge over sight that quickly devalues the interface and usability for anyone that (un)installs more than a few apps."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Well after reviewing at least ten different apps within two weeks I finally get to this. Hey everybody want to know what police and firefighters are up to? Then you need scanner radio free at the App store. This app works with the help of wi-fi the thing that most of the world depends on. If you want to know what is going on near you, you can search on the search selection and type in your state, country, city, or zip code and all you have to do is choose one out of the many options that pop up. This app has no lag and will keep you on alert so you know where the bad boys are. So what are you waiting for? The world to end. I don't think so. Its time to get this app because it has your name on it saying download me. Chill out and relax with scanner radio."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Tweetcaster has more features, but Seesmic was enough. I liked that Seesmic didn't ask for access to low level system log files (like Tweetcaster does) but disliked that it wanted my GPS data. Seesmic has a nice refresh button. It is hard to tell when something has been retweeted, and by whom. FB integration did not work for this Kindle Fire user, either. I would also have liked the ability to use a darker theme. I am keeping Seesmic and not Tweetcaster mostly for the data access issue."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The app is very useful for us that dont have a KNDLE, I install it in my NEXUS 7 to have access to AMAZON vast services and selections and it work very well, I activate a few magazine subscriptions and order books which I recomend specially to thouse like me that CAN'T tae full advantage of GOOGLE services because they dont offers them outside the US STATES.GOOGLE would not let me order, music,books,magazines or use services like Navigation etc etc, I just bought a new KINDLE HDX 7 due to GOOGLE limitations in my country which is a US territory. Let see when my KINDLES arrive !!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have turned my back on iTunes. This is my music library now. I have this app on my phone and I can download whatever songs I want from my Amazon library. I can download music I've purchased from Amazon or songs I've uploaded (like the songs I imported from my old iTunes. Once the song is on my phone, I can listen even if I'm not in a WiFi area, and it doesn't need my data minutes either. You can sort by artist or album or song or genre, and you can make playlists too."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Since this application became available last year I have been using it regularly to make educated decisions about what I buy in the local stores and what I buy on-line. It also provides me with the invaluable knowledge of the Amazon rating system that we all feed with our comments.I'm not going to add a bunch of pro's and con's here about the current version. We should reserve those for the feedback tool that the Amazon developers have.I will just add that the barcode scan and the photo recognition tools work phenomenal and the query is very quick. So, whether you grabbed something at The-X-store and want to see how good it is because it caught your eye, or if you are sure you want it, but you are concerned abut the price, this application will very likely help you decide what to do about it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This version is completely non-functional.  It's old, and from before Twidroyd had their API key suspended from the market.  It was out of date even on Amazon's launch day.  If you want to use this app, go to the market.  Hopefully they'll update this here and this review won't apply, but right now it's an old out of date app that doesn't work.  Honestly, this concerns me about the whole Amazon market concept.  If a developer isn't going to update apps here, and if it were a paid app, you'd be out of luck."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "For those old enough to remember games like this, enjoy!  The rest of you, welcome to a type of game that was all the rage when personal computers hit the scene.In this game you have to rely on your mind alone. Using a limited vocabulary, you navigate around the world and interact with it.  Find items to use, treasures to hoard, puzzles to solve, etc. It's an adventure, so the more you explore and discover, the more points you get.  Thankfully, you can pause the game and come back to it later when you need to, and can continue to play should your game self be killed (costs you points)If you're looking for flashy graphics and super fast gameplay, skip this one."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I think people are being too harsh on this game. It's really basic and not nearly as good as the other games out there because it's been around a lot longer. BB Defense and BB Defense 2 were big hits back when Blackberry had some of the best smartphones on the market. Android has come a long way in the last few years and developers have made better games. Now, I will give the poor reviews credit, the developer assumes that you have already played the first version of this game, which is why there are few instructions. But seriously people, giving this game 1 star is like a 10 year old saying the original Super Mario Bros for NES was a crap game. It's OLD people, that doesn't make it bad."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this, and it was talking away. I don't know if it is real but some things it says are just too relevant. Get it and try and see what you think. I got this one and liked it so much I moved on to the $1.99 upgrade and I am very pleased with all the extras it has. I still use this one. My friends are really interested to see it. This version is easy to use. I said some things after I asked a question, and they were right on the money. Creeepy!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app gives you a string of letters and about 30 seconds to make as many words as you can.  Then it moves on to another string of letters.  I find some sets easy, and others challenging, but I have always been able to think of at least one word for any set.  Even with the easy sets, I have to think fast to get a three-letter word, four-letter word, and so on, before it changes sets.It's great for when I'm not sure how much time I'll have to play because I can quit a game any time.  This is a must-have app for Wordies.  No problems loading on mySamsung Galaxy Tab, it doesn't hang up, and there are no intrusive ads."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I give this a four versus 5 stars only because I haven't used it all that much yet and still don't know everything about it. I did take my tablet with me in the car the other night to where I had no wi-fi signal and as we drove around I was able to find signals at various houses. This will be handy because so many of my apps don't work outside my home as I have no data plan, only a wi-fi signal within our home, unless I go to the library. Good app, and am glad I put it on my Kindle."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have been constantly dreaming of my mom and feeling haunted by her.  she died 11 years ago. I ran across this app today and had to try it.  I recently got a new wedding ring that I have been walking around my house gazing at.  a red dot appeared today and the word Mrs. was spoken!  the question of my ex appeared (his name)  followed by Available.  key words that only I would understand kept appearing.  my oldest son was a baby when my mother died. I allowed him to try and speak with her,  a red dot appeared and the word Giant and My was said.  too many on point coincidences for me.  I say it is worth the download if you are curious.  But be careful!  you never know what or who you are inviting in your home."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "the droid is not an old system, nor is it the newest! how can a developer miss the boat on this one?! this is sloppiness and/or laziness on behalf of concrete software. games like this can work on the droid... unblock me is a perfect example! and before everyone starts a lynch mob, stating I am affiliated with them, I am not. I am just a user who appreciates a good puzzle game... unless the developers are too lazy to make their app compatible with popular devices! shame on you concrete! 0 stars if I could! come back when you learn to work out apps for all droid devices, especially the most popular ones!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "When it comes to app reviews, I find it hard to do them.  I am app crazy so I am downloading them from the android market as well as amazon's.  I am always looking for cool new ideas or some cool new gadget.  If I don't like it, it does not stay on my phone.  That being said, I have downloaded this app, but I do not recall why I no longer use it.  So I know it sucked or I would still have it lol.  If its free give it any app a shot.  But if you have to pay for this PASS, PASS, PASS and then PASS again."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "First time I turned it on it had a bunch of readings about teriyaki, then my parents brought home teriyaki... then it said a weird word that I looked up, it ment ringing of bells, and I was ringing a bell... then I went to my friends house and she thought her house was haunted, turned it on and waited for it to get used to the house, started out ok then, it said I control we and a bunch I mean a bunch of red dots appeared, I turned it off because my friend was scared to death, then I turned it back on an hour later and it said demon and had a red dot right behind me... never using it again..."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Great selections.  Easy to use interface.  I have playlists for everyone in the family (me, hubby, and 10 year old son).  Works great on the PC and my MP3 players (no Apple products tested).  Also use with Sonos and that interface is also simple to use.Only complaint is that you can't customize your plan.  I want 2 MP3 players and I'd have to pay for 3.  It's an extra $70 a year.  I would only pay $2 a month for the second player, so I got a huge capacity MP3 and share.  Easy to do with playlists."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Everyone else is right - this app is pretty bad. Almost every single one of these restaurants already has this information on their web sites, and most of those allow you to build a meal so that you can actually COUNT calories.This app is also sorely lacking in food and restaurants. The Arby's Angus Three Cheese and Bacon is missing, and I've been seeing commercials for that for several weeks now. Plus the restaurant Zaxby's isn't listed at all.Honestly this would be tolerable were this a free app, it really wouldn't be worth. 99, but frankly for the dev to charge 3 bucks for this is just downright insulting."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I always liked this type of adventure game played on a PC.  This is the first similar game I've tried on an Android device (Droid 2).  Considering the screen size and memory limitations the developer has to work with, I consider this very well done.  If you don't enjoy this type of puzzle/hunt adventure game, this isn't for you...but if you do like this type of game, give it a try... you will be pleased.People who are so critical of these apps, consider what you're getting for free or a dollar or two... what do you expect?  These apps are bargains for the entertainment they provide."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "At first but it &quot;told&quot; me a lot of things that noone would know about. I turned it on this morning and one of the first things it said was, &quot;court&quot; holy cow!! My husband is in court this morning !! How would a simple app know my husband was in court??? I didn't download this until late last night, long after we were discusing his case. It also mentioned several other things that noone knew about let alone what seemed to be a cheesy app - believe me its not. It works. I even got 3 different names of spirits that may be here. Yes, we have A LOT of paranormal activity here.Yes I do believe in ghosts, I did before the app but this app is making me even more of a believer!!!What's even freakier is that I had gotten this app from getjar for free, the exact same app as this free app of the day and its free on Amazon today. I downloaded it late last night."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Kindle offers the convenience needed to read book. First of all imagine you had to carry you best 10 books on you or with you everywhere you went.. It would far better having just the words in these books without the paper used to put the ink on it. Kindle makes reading books a comfortable experience and you can then exercise your arm and hand muscles in a gym instead of carrying a heavy book bag. In conclusion, use kindle you stone age mammal. What did you think the year was, 0214 AD? It's 14 years after two millenniums. Stop encouraging the cutting of more trees. Try Kindle!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I really expected more from this app.  Wish I could get my money back.  Seems very incomplete , especially for the price tag.I hate this app!!!!!  Total waste of money.  Wanted to set up a budget, track spending etc. and I cant even get the dang thing to give me a correct balance!!!!  No instructions, no HELP offered, No headings or \"clues\" about what to do, or what not to do.  DONT BUY THIS APP UNLESS YOU HAVE MONEY TO BURN!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I enjoy playing it, but the first time I played it I got 9 dungeons in and the game quit responding and when I went back into it I had to start over from the 1st dungeon.I believe the game should save progress after every completed dungeon so if something happens or you just have to stop the game before dying or completing the dungeon you can reopen the game later on and continue from where you left off.Also instead of completely starting over each time maybe you should incorporate different lands or something that consists of a group of 5 or so dungeons that you can restart from if you die."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was heading to my cousins birthday party and had this app up an I was staring at the screen and nothing else and then right in front there was a red dot and it said wreck I look up and there was a car wreck right in front of us! Later (still on my way) a little to the left I see a yellow dot and it said holy I look up a little to the left in front of us there's a church! If your littler and its at night and your looking at this app it will scare you to death!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Amazon has really impressed me with their music store and system. Purchasing, downloading (and re-downloading, if you need to) are all simple. Playback is fairly simple, too.What will make this the best (it's not there yet; I am aware of the limitations):- adjustable bit rate streaming- enhanced flexibility in the player (playlists, tag editing, etc.)- purchase streaming-only version for a fraction of the cost (enable upgrade later)- mark previous purchases as purchased, and inaccessible for re-purchaseKeep up the great work!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Yesterday, I upgraded my Evo to Gingerbread. After the update, the password manager that I was using wouldn't even open. I was perturbed. This morning I checked the Amazon free app of the day, and saw this. I downloaded it, and am in the process of retreiving all of my passwords one by one to enter in to this app.This app has many customizable categories, many of which I will never use. So, I just delete the entire category. This app is EXTREMELY customizable.I really don't see what there is to dislike about this very useful app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love absolutely LOVE it because it's NOT i Tunes. I hate having to buy music threw a company that will only let me listen to it on their devices (without jumping threw hoops to download it).Amazon accepts most of my current library & let's me purchase music at the same or better rate as competitors. Another of my favorite features is the fact that the upload & download system is a smooth & seamless process (oh the frustration i tunes have caused me over the years).Another great feature is the format- MP3's, rather than one format that can only be used in that company's devices. Being such a universal format it's much easier to use in all kinds of devices.Having everything on the cloud is great too. I don't have to use up my devices' memory & I get the same [music] on all my devices with only doing the work of adding to one. That also means no more, \"which device is that song on?\"!I LOVE IT!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Okay there was just an update, so some of this may have been addressed. I love the app when looking for a movie, and I am kind of an IMDb junkie so in general like the tool.The thing that was bugging me was the news feeds. They would get stale, and couldn't figure out how to refresh (and I am talking by weeks not hours).So that may have been addressed in the last release.Also would be nice to attach to Amazon more(since it is owned by them) so I could watch directly or see pricing easier but I may just not know how to work that.The trailer stream great even at 3G which is good when you got to entertain a 4 yo for a few minutes."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I snapped this up for the FAOTD, hoping to finally get a grip on my budget.But if you get bi-weekly payments, you are SOL. There isn't an option for bi-weekly pay. Which is quite a glaring omission. Just doubling up doesn't work, since with bi-week you can get more than two payments every so often.Please fix! I don't mind this since I got this for free, but if I had paid almost ten bucks for a budget app that doesn't contain one of the most common types of pay periods? I'd be ticked."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I wasn't sure how easy it would be to play this on my mobile phone (Sprint LG LS670), but it is great.  Backgammon is my FAVORITE all time game.  It's easy and user friendly, if you already know how to play Backgammon.  You can choose which color you want to be (black or white) and you can pick whether you want to play from north to south or south to north. You can play the computer or a real person. There is a tutorial if you've never played Backgammon.  I highly recommend this game especially if you already know how to play!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is a great app, I love it so much! I use it at least twice a day. It's great for weather you need a long, detailed, complicated definition using the dictionary, or if you need the thesaurus half of it for short definitions, synonyms, and antonyms, they've got it, which is great and helpful. Also, above all, it speaks the word, how great is that? So no problem if you don't know what an upsidedown a means or what an a and an e put together mean: &AElig;. This app saves my life every damn day. I love it, and it's time you start loving it too. Get it now, it's free, why not?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Worked on other Kindles, just not on Kindle HDX. The app's UI functions for me, but the streams are choppy and go in and out. Pandora and Digitally Imported do not do this. I have tested on home network and at work and I get the same thing. This was my favorite radio app. Hopefully they will fix soon.I used Tune In for Years. Thankfully there was IHeartRadio which give me the local radio I need with my Kindle HDX. I installed and it works as advertised on my Kindle HDX. The one CON against IHeart;  Tune In still has maximum flexibility to find all the terrestrial and online stations. Something that IHeartRadio cannot do. I wish they'd fix TUNE in for Kindle HDX. Based other reviews TUNE In is in no hurry to do so. Too Bad.Update 11/06/2013:They fixed it and all seems to be OK again. I guess I can uninstall IHeartRadio now."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "not so long ago there was an app called &#34;tune in&#34; radio. it was a simple app/ easy to use and do what it was supposed to do, play radio stations. i had it on all my devices and it worked well. then one day the app decided to upgrade itself. where once things were simple, now i wander through the app trying to find my favorites. i don't care about emailing everyone what I'm listening to. i don't care if the makes my coffee in the morning. sometimes less is more"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got the game after reading the reviews and thought it would be fun just to try it even though I was pretty certain it was bogus.  A part of me sorta hoped that my little brother would find some way to communicate with me even though I know the kindle doesn't have a microphone. See he killed himself last July and I miss him so badly. Anyways, I started the game and walked around and got some random words like question and paragraph. I got bored and sat on the couch. Not much happened after that so I figured it needed movement so I started shaking it. Soon words came popping out but I froze when the word brother came up. The next word was beside. I kid you not! I couldn't help tearing up even though it was probably just random words that happened to sync up. Nothing interesting after that but it shook me a little."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "While I can still see more on a big screen, the Android app has a feature I've been hoping for forever and it's not on the computer app.  It tells me how much I have to read in a chapter.When I'm reading, after I finish a chapter, I'd like to know how long the next chapter is so I can decide whether to read it or put it down. Easy in a book. Impossible on the Kindle without messing up my forward progress.Now it tells me how much is left in the chapter at the bottom of each page.It says it in minutes rather than pages. I'm not sure why. Pages make more sense, but it say it, and that works beautifully."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was thrilled to stumble on this app with so many to choose from out there.  Great selection of stations, but users need to understand that many of the stations aren't broadcasting 24hr/7days/week.  For example, I was able to listen to the Green Bay Packers game on tunein today, but that station is only available as a live broadcast unless you buy the pro version which I understand to be buggy and/or limited with regard to recording and playback options.  However, there are many live radio stations, both local and from around the world that are available all the time.  I'm so impressed with the free version that I couldn't ask for more.  I do recommend it highly."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is great.  I tried several other apps that were similar but this was the only one that did ALL I needed.With this app you can do all below:Monitor and graph your child's growth and firsts.Graph your 7day, month, all times.  It is really neat to see the changes in what my daughter has done over the past year and a half.You can have more than 1 child and it is very easy!  I am having twins and already have them setup in my profiles.  =)It is always great to stop in at the pediatrician for a checkup and know the exact answers to those pesky questions:  How many ounces is she eating a day?  How many diapers, on average, a day?  This app shows me all of that in a time frame that I choose!It does so much more!I added all different activities as well.  Pictures and I go on!Enjoy!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've been using this app for over a year now and think it's still be best money manager on Android. Devs do a great job of listening to users and adding/fixing features. Ten dollars is the most I've ever paid for an app but I consider it money well spent.Edit: I see this is the FAOTD today. Guess that means all the crazies are gonna come out to trash the rating for any number of reasons that have nothing to do with the actual app. It's a shame, really, since this is a terrific app that does what it says and does it well. I'm still using it a year and a half later... not many other apps I can say that about, if any!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is very reminiscent of games like the Myst series, 7th Guest and 11th Hour.  Its a bit quirky and the storyline is a bit obtuse which leaves one with a very loose idea of where to look next in some areas.  In games like this the fun is all in the delivery, the story unfolding.  Unfortunately thats where this one falls short... and speaking of short.. if the delivery were better and the clues/solutions a bit more logical this game would take all of about 10 minutes to play though.  I wish I could give this a 5 star rating but even though it is entertaining and has a good atmosphere it just leaves you wishing for more. But the creators have my sincere appreciation and applause. I wish more gaming companies would work to supply the fans of this genre with hours and hours of entertaining deduction."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I wish review people would stop making it mandatory for us to write something, maybe we just want to give it a good star rating and go about our day. Crazily enough some of us may be too busy to fill out some long review about an app for our phone or tablet. That's not to say its not a good app but I'm just saying requiring us to type something seems like a dick move, maybe you'll consider changing it or maybe I'm just blowing smoke but more often then not I opt to not do reviews because I don't feel I should be required to type anything. Thanks for the app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is good for people who want to learn how to play and get a few ideas about strategies. Its not great and would give intermediate players wrong strategies. One thing I like, it does show players not to be too conservative. However it will double at the wrong time and take doubles it should not. I've been rated master, well 35 years ago, so I expect a lot lol. Its free, get it and learn to play, but not for serious players wanting to grow in ability.Entry level only. Well to relieve stress I play it to wipe it out. Then once in 7 series it beats me because I'm taking wild chances and because it starts throwing more doubles and getting perfect rolls. I guess there is luck, it sure gets lucky. :( I think programmed to do that once in a while."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I play sudoku in a magazine and on my Kindle. 2 previous games were more tedious to use. One occassionally fouled up so that I couldn't even finish the game. This one has 2-3 options for how to use the pencil mark and guess for a square. It also has several helps, which I have an option to use or not at my preference. I do like the option for the software to tell me if there are errors and then if I want them fixed, I tell it to fix, but I don't have to. I also like that when I am working on 7's (for example) all of the sevens on the board are highlighted and all of the 7 pencil marks are also highlighted. This adds another level of testing for accuracy and guessing."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "IT wasn't at all what I was looking for.  I am seeking a program that is actually an &#34;FM&#34; tuner.  I had it on my Thunderbolt, but can't seem to find it now for my DNA phone.  It is a live FM radio tuner, no streaming thing,  just live FM. Real kind of FM radio.  In fact it was called FM Radio, and had a lil tuner on the screen you could tune to any broadcast frequency at any time and listen to live radio, news, sports and all.  No selecting the kind of music, and all that.  just RADIO.!!  This isn't it.!  sorry."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I wanted an ap like this to listen to when I don't have access to my scanner, but this won't work because it doesn't offer any of the frequencies that I like to monitor. I only offers a selective group of frequencies, and they are not in my city! It's OK for what it is, and might be fun to listen to is you want to learn some of the radio codes used by law enforcement, but it doesnt replace a real scanner that can be programmed to your liking."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've played this game before on the Android and the iPad. It is a fun, spacial puzzle game that has always challenged and entertained me. I hesitant to pick this up but then decided to give it a shot. I **LOVE** the graphics. I've never seen one look this good. The cars take on a more 3D tone than the other games I've tried.If you like this type of puzzle game, or are looking for a puzzle game to play, then you might want to try this one out."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I am not sure what the people who are complaining about this app are taking about. I have been using this app for a while, and have had no problems with it. As far as having to manually enter transactions I don't have a problem with it. There are many times when I go and buy a number of different items that are in different categories. If these transactions were automatically entered it wouldn't show that. In fact if the transactions were all entered automatically it would not show any categories. The bank certainly wouldn't know what category to put a transaction in. I have found that the app is very easy to use, and works very well despite having to take 15 or 20 seconds to enter a transaction."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I played all the levels and didn't find that there was any bias to the computer rolling more doubles than myself....also, I only consider myself to be a slightly above average player and find it rather easy to beat the computer at level 5.  So either I'm a better player than I think I am or the game's AI  could stand a little improvement. That said, the game is an enjoyable time killer and seems to work flawlessly without any bugs or glitches.  The operation and animation is smooth and the controls are quite easy to use on even the smallest screened smartphone.  I'll be keeping this one in my game apps....at least until I find something better."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I loaded this app based on it's great reviews and I am so thrilled with it, I can barely articulate my elation.  I live VERY rurally and can literally only get one or two country music stations on a radio - NOT something I would ever wish to listen to.  In my car, the radio reception is not a lot better.  I particularly enjoy talk radio and this app gives it to me in an abundance I had never imagined would be possible where I live.  Sound quality (with and without my cheap earphones) is perfect and it's no exaggeration to say that this app has changed my life."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "i have mSecure on my PC desktop, iPod and Kindle Fire HD. I use this app everyday on my PC - I like the security of having a backup on my tablet devices. At best I can say that it's a very stable app and the sync works perfectly. At worst the Android app is way overpriced for what little value it offers. However, it's GUI is underwhelming and setting up a new type requires each and every field to be set up manually - not even a default 10 field setup or ability to copy from another form. Changing the type can result in lost fields. The copy/paste to feature is a bit wonky - but it's probably the fault of Windows or the FireFox browser."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This live wallpaper looks and does exactly as described.  I was happy to try out a Halloween themed wallpaper for a few weeks until Halloween passed but I am uninstalling it now.  You have some options with a few different backgrounds:-you can choose between 3 colors of fog and how much fog is on the screen.-choose how many pumpkins but u can not remove them all-there are bats that fly around on the screen which you can remove.I guess it can also be a game too since u can get points for smashing pumpkins and bats, it will keep track for you.  But that got old after 10 seconds.Parts of the app are nice but I would like to be able to remove all pumpkins or at least move them where I want, just so an apps icon is not sitting directly on top of one.  There was a pumpkin sitting directly underneath my camera apps icon and it made it semi difficult to see.5 stars for the app fitting the description.1 star for how much I want to use it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "A great point and click game. You have to go through a house and find clues and apply them. No annoying hidden objects. All the clues are reasonable and discoverable, and you have hints available too. I only wish the game were a bit longer. This is also a good introduction to this kind of game for newbies or younger players, at least in part because you will be able to finish it and not have to go through fifteen scenes to get back to where you need. I wish Fire Maple would make more games like this!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I find my spelling has gotten worse throughout the years and I always want a dictionary available. (I like to think this is a result of a dependence on spellcheck, rather than age!) As a former English teacher, I love being able to check the spelling or find that perfect word in my posts, saving myself the embarrassment of getting caught slaughtering our language online. I find myself using my Kindle more for posting, now that I have the convenience of Dictionary.com with me on this devise as well as on my computer."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I couldn't believe it when I saw it, but this app confirmed my worst nightmare- my wife is a ghost. I have always wondered why she could walk through walls or why she didn't have a reflection until now. It is a little strange being able to tell people that you are married to a ghost but once they meet her they see that she is an almost normal person. I haven't had the guts to tell my wife yet though, not sure how she is going to react. At least she isn't a zombie!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I purchased this for my Kindle Fire because I really enjoyed playing The Lost City, but this was a disappointment.  Although graphics quality is excellent, this is really, REALLY too short.  It took me maybe an hour to complete it. Also the last puzzle was really finicky (blue circles on basement door) and the lightest touch will cause it to reset so that even if you've solved it once, you're forced to do so again (and again). Also, the ending was lame - a real anticlimax.It was also pretty easy, but I don't mind this if there are a lot of visually interesting scenes or landscapes.  In this game the graphics were nice but again there were only around ten different settings."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have used this program on my kindle and galaxy phone...worked great. The kindle one upgraded...NOW I ONLY HAVE 1/3 of my channels that were there a few minutes ago. I sync'ed, I rebooted, I unselected all channels then re-selected all, the deselected and picked a few....no changes...shows the same 8 channels. I am not happy. I really liked this program and used it multiple times in a day...NOW I CAN'T! I'm going to delete it and reinstall...if not working, it's going bye bye from my tablet.Ok, update.....Completely delegated from everything then 're-downloaded and reinstalled...now working fine and dandy so I will now give two more stars...could easily have been 5 but I'm keeping one for the version's aggreviation!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have used this app for a month or 2 now.  I love it. It makes it very easy to post - update - edit- to your blog. You can upload videos or images. It has a drop down for category so you can see which ones you are using. There isn't one for tags though. Something I wish I had known prior to using more tagging then categories on my site. Everything works pretty flawlessly.  You can browse to your gallery and then click share and share to your wordpress blog. My only problem is that if you post pictures through here and you have a lightbox plugin on your site it doesn't seam to allow the images to lightbox out . I have to repost them."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm still very new to the whole e-anything. This popped up on the free app of the day, so I grabbed it. Right off the bat I played with it for a few minutes till I got a handle on how to maneuver. I made the kids laugh when I put the ear buds in my ears and danced to Celtic music around the house with my Kindle Fire stuck in my back waste-band.  Huge choice of streaming music from every genre from around the world. Since it was one of my new experiences in the e-music or streaming music, I'm hooked. Get this app, YES, recommended. ."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Okay so I bought this app and was like cool whatever and ignored it for a while. Today I looked at it in my room and I got a little activity. This is wat I got:(Top left corner activity level125) none realize | spreading log fire trouble | after that I was like woah is this real?and gotten word understanding. I shrieked and shut it off. Later I was watching the news when I saw a news report about a log fire at a camping sight. It had started 5 minutes before I started getting activity. Supposedly, some teenagers at a site  were  messing  around and then went to bed. None of the realized a fire had started and one of the teens was rushed to the hospital. So yea. Awesome app"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The WiFi Analyzer works great on my Kindle Fire. There's not much to it. One look and I got the info I need. But I use it whenever I enter a business just to see if there's any wifi around. If I see nothing on the graph then I know there's no wifi. It also can do it in a parabola-type graph so you can see which wifi source is the strongest if there's more than one. I like having it, so I'm going to keep it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a OK app.  I mean it doesn't do that much.  It surely doesn't have all the features a Kindle reader has.  One day they will upgrade it more so it has more features but in reality Amazon wants you to buy a real Kindle, and not use an app.  Well I did and I gave the real Kindle away.  I got a Samsung Note 2 and that is all I need along with this app.  I am not going to run around with several different devices and the Note 2 does everything and does it well."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I expected a lot more. Not sure if thats because other calorie counting apps have set the bar so high, or because this one is just that bad. The list of restaurants is extremely short. The app doesn't look like anything special, considering the dev's want money for it. It lacks so many features, features that every other app of this category have. There should be some sense of customizing meals. Even if they didn't go above and beyond, selecting 1 standard size for each item is ridiculous. Some of these fast food sites even let you build your meal and see the totals. Honestly, this is a poor excuse for a calorie counting app. Don't waste your time.Phone: Droid X(Android 2.2.1, Liberty 2.0.1)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The tribal council called a midnight council last night to discuss the most alarming threat to the pack:  MPP.I too howled my objection, &quot;in the past we bite without discrimination. It's unfair that we now have to take a bigger chunk out of the iPhone, BB, WP carriers.&quot;The council nodded in consent.  In the end the elders decided to move forward with plan B: the Chinese.  &quot;We shall encourage the Chinese to speed up their moon mining ambition.  When they blew up the moon or disturbed its orbit, this app shall no longer work.&quot;&quot;In the mean time, to maintain fairness to all on our victims, please limit your biting of hipsters, suits and Bill Gate.&quot;"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "For those that don't have a police scanner and like to make sure things are ok in your neighborhood this is the app for you. And hey its mobile and FREE!!!!  You just select your county and walah.....you have info for what's happening with the police, fire department,  and the EMT 's. And you will be the first to know of anyone you know is in trouble....going to jail,  being pulled over, accident,  and on and on. Enjoy it. Love You Love Nora"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "its stupid and pointless and ghost aren't even reel when you die you go to heaven or hell you cant go around the earth when your dead!!!! this is crape its totally stupid and its not real how would the developer get the app to sense all that stuff its crape lies!!! I mean seriously if your stupid enough to beloved this *omg it works I saw a ghost* -_- really?!...... get a life spud pickles and make something worth our time!!! God loves you :D"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love this app!! It's not something that I'll use a lot, but is a must for when you do need it! I recently used it for the first time at the Georgia vs Florida football game in Jacksonville, FL. If anyone has been there, you know parking is crazy an you may be a mile from the stadium if you don't want to pay $50 or more for parking, which I don't! I was in a new town, with cars an people everywhere, not really knowing where I was. The app marked my car perfect, an i could even see the sidewalk that was by my car on the map. The app actually showed the stadium too so I knew which direction to walk. When the tailgating party an game was over, it led me right back to my car perfectly!! Everyone that rode with me was highly impressed with the app, and so was I. Thanks for this awesome and helpful app!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This program consists of about six single-screen puzzles, each with a few variations.  After about 10 minutes of play they begin to repeat.  As you move through the games there is no escalation in difficulty or any apparent attempt to select the \"next\" puzzle based on previous puzzles or the child's success at solving them.In our case my 4-year old daughter got bored even before the first sequence was completed.  A little ways after the puzzles began to repeat she closed the app and wanted to watch a movie.On the plus side, this app is \"solid\" (no bugs and with a finished appearance).  It also does *not* need any kind of Internet connection to run.  (Some reviewers said it did and I expect they may have been using an earlier version.)  Finally, it runs just fine on my Samsung Galaxy 10.1 tablet.In summary, it is good for at least one fairly short sitting."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "the whole family really enjoys playing this game and u can play again and again there is no limits even playing on one player is great u can adjusts the level of the computer player for easy (my 5 year old ) or hard for the adults u can also choice must jump my husband said that is the only real way to play and it helps our younger son because if u have a jump it will only let u do that move so it is helpful.  I enjoy it off but it is fun no madder what. end of stories great game"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is great!  It has a daily verse, a daily reading plan and then a whole list of daily devotionals, both audio and written.  I usually check out the Our Daily Bread audio podcast from here instead of going to odb.org and read My Utmost for His Highest (no longer available! :-( But still appears in list for some reason).  There is also a place to seach the bible by verse or keyword.  Many of the popular versions are available including NIV, NKJV and NASB.  Is exactly what is says... a Daily Bible!  Thanks for this app!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this for my Nexus 7 tablet. It works as expected, allowing me to search for and order items, and also to access my previous orders, wishlist, etc.  The user interface is considerably simplified compared to the full browser page version. That's appropriate because most Android devices, smartphones and tablets, have much less screen area to display info.  It's a free app, so there's no downside to trying it out. You may like it. If not, you can always user your browser app to connect to Amazon.com"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Permissions are way too much to ask for to play a traffic puzzle game. Growing very tired of excessive invasion of privacy esp. for stuff like puzzles and games. Bad enough you have to give permission to important apps and utilities. No longer will I download any apps asking for the same types of permissions using excuses like feint and leader boards, bug reports, e-mail, all of it. Just a poor excuse to have access to data of value to sell & make up for lack of people buying the apps. Every single dev says they dont use the data they can access or make it available to data miner companies. So who is responsible for all the massive data stealing through apps? Nobody, so it must be the Spyware Fairy."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I picked this up a few days ago as another FAOTD (thank you, again, Amazon!).  I've always wanted to learn to play Backgammon, and though this app isn't really designed to &#34;teach&#34; it, it makes it very easy to learn.  The graphics are good, and the game play is quick.  There are several options that can affect the duration of a &#34;match.&#34;  You can have a quick one-game match, or you can play to 15 points, requiring several &#34;games.&#34;  After playing this, I'm ready to buy my first real Backgammon set (from Amazon, of course!)."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm not sure about all the overwhelmingly positive reviews for this game. The graphics are fine, but I've definitely been more impressed with visuals in other games (like Osmos HD or even Hex Defense). The backgrounds seem quite similar to the live wallpaper on my phone. Cool, but not &quot;wow&quot;!The game's instructions are vague in some respects, and the mumbling spirit could use a grammar proofreader (&quot;be awared!&quot;). After completing the first area, and some of the second, I honestly can't see the 5 stars people are giving this app. I mainly downloaded it because I was suspicious of the reviews."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Unlike many games, the ads on this one do not bother me and I do not find them intrusive. This free version of backgammon is easy to play, but still challenging. It seems as if the computer \"learns\" from my moves; at least this is how I see it and it makes the game more challenging.  I have it on my phone and Kindle Fire. Many games look too small on a cell phone, making them difficult to play, but this one is not so it makes a good diversion while waiting in line or when I am sitting around, waiting at places such as an auto repair shop or doctor's office."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Most of the time you get close to nothing for 'nothing' but this free little app actually does what you would expect it to do. It gets you police radio conversation (even comes with a 10-codes translator file). It lets you:- set alerts based no the number of people listening to a specific scanner- mark your own favorites- finds stations 'near you' based on your location- has a top-50 list based on the number of listeners- lets you browse by area (in 15 countries), genre and source- shows 'new additions'- at least on a tablet's large screen the ads are small and unobtrusiveOn my XOOM (Android 3.2) I am able to continue to listen to the police talk while running other tasks such as browsing the Web or writing emails.Good work. Recommended."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I went to st Thomas and I went to the real blackbeards castle when I came home from the trip I was playing with the ghost radar and all of a sudden the word castle came up that really freaked me out!! And then a few minutes later the word structure came up that just freaked me out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now I'm scared a lot!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is real!!!!!! It's worth 1 dollar, if you get scared easy don't get this it's definitely real for sure not kidding!!!!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Whether or not you believe, this app will DEFINITELY make you question the possibilities! Eerily relevant responses from &quot;the unseen realm&quot;! Seriously, though, I bought this as a lark, expecting very little. However, within minutes of starting the radar, I was quite unnerved by some of the words coming through.Also, I know plenty of Kindle Fire users are complaining about not having a microphone to pick up voices, but I find that to be a benefit, as the app can't confuse random surrounding sounds as possible voices. O simply explain out loud that any entity that wishes to communicate can simply use the Kindle to speak to me. I have had very impressive sessions with different people, and different locations, each situation having different interactions, and outcomes.Just give it a fair try, and I promise you shouldn't be disappointed."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I can't vouch for its completeness or its accuracy, or how up-to-date it is, but I have used it to review real estate prices in several areas around the country, and it came up with a lot of data very quickly.  It settled a kind of argument between me and my wife; turns out I was right that a house down the block has been on the market for over a year.  You can probably find this same kind of data more quickly and easily on a computer, but if you just have a phone, this is a great little tool."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I like this word game because it has a different twist to it.  I actually worked a little harder to find longer words which I was able to do. So far I have only made it to level 8 and when you make it this far you are occasionally given a cool book of lore which gives you a choice between two rewards. It does seem to get challenging in a hurry, but that is okay with me because it last about the right amount of time for playing. I am happy that it closes when you exit the game.  Also I thought the game gave enough vowels and appropriate consonants to actually be able to spell words. I feel intrigued enough to want to keep playing. Highly recommend."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was looking for an app that would let me listen to live streaming radio stations.  I have other apps for when I want to listen to &#34;genres&#34; of music pulled from a music library -- apps like Pandora, and even iHeartRadio.  But many of the other apps don't do live streaming -- or don't do it well.I often base my initial satisfaction with an app on how quickly I can open the app for the first time and get to what I want to do.  When I installed TuneIn Radio, it was because I wanted my favorite local FM station -- WDAV, a 24/7 Classical music station -- available when I was not at/near an FM radio.  I was up and running, listening to the station in just a minute or two.  That's &#34;ease of use&#34;."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have absolutely no reason to know what the moon phase is, but I downloaded this app because of the Live Wallpaper function.I'm always looking for cool new wallpapers, and this one is definitely cool.  The graphics for the moon are superb, and as a background it simply looks amazing.When it comes to the rest of the app, I don't really know much about moon phases, but it seems to be solidly written and works very well.Overall, for what I'm using it for, it's definitely a five star app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Ok, so my friend was visiting the other day...she's British.I held up my kindle with the ghost radar running and I'm not pulling anyone's leg, it said 'British', and we held it up to my cousin, who's very tall and very athletic and it said 'sport'. then 2 days ago, I put on my living room floor (it seems to really like my living room) and it said 'dog', my dog was sleeping just a couple feet away. And sometimes it'll say random things like 'kite' and 'child' when neither of those things are around. so I'm skeptical as to whether or not this is real or for just entertainment purposes...nonetheless, it's creepy when it's accurate."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Seesmic is usually the go-to Twitter client on my smartphone, but I was disappointed to find out this tablet version doesn't function properly on my Kindle Fire HD. It keeps saying 'authentication failed' whenever we try to add a Twitter account.I've kept the app hanging around on this tablet hoping that they would correct the problem in an update, but apparently that won't be happening -- perhaps because Seesmic is now owned by HootSuite, which has its own app it develops. That's unfortunate because Seesmic is the only Twitter client I know of that has a 'combined view' feature that merges our multiple accounts."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I originally had a Sony E-Reader, so Kindle was not an option but now I have a Lenovo K1 Ideapad and the app is available. While the Kindle app does have some good settings like highlighting a word to get the definition, font size and text, easy sync and great night mode. The formatting leaves a lot to be desired. Bundle books become one long book and all the books I have read have yet to have an option of jumping or returning to a page or chapter. Which come to think of it I have not actually read a book with page numbers, just percent of how much of the book has been read. The free books and having them linked to my Amazon account are a plus but the formatting takes this app from great to just okay."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Just got this as a free app.  I really do like the ease of use and its speed.  You can find info about over the air programs, satellite, and cable. You can narrow your search to only the channels you want.Maybe I just don't know how to save my choices, but when I switch between satellite and over the air (OTA) programs I lose my selection of favorite channels. Then when I switch back to OTA I have lost those favorites, also. This is the only drawback to this app that I see. If this problem was worked out (or if I find out how to do it right) I would definitely give it 5 stars.This is still a good app since my TV doesn't show me info on OTA programs in advance.Thanks to the developer for making this a free app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "After installing this app on a Samsung Galaxy S3, my battery power significantly decreased so much that my phone couldn't even make it through the work day. I uninstalled, the app, and my battery usage returned to normal.  So I installed a new battery in my phone and re-installed this app.  Again, battery power took a nosedive. And again, I uninstalled it.  I really would like to use this app, but it is doing something in the background that drains the battery."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The app does what it says and it has a decent number of popular fast food chains. However, it is certainly not worth $2.99 for a few reasons.Pros: Easy to pick icon driven restaurant chooser. No ads.Cons: Only has 71 restaurants. Once you select the restaurant you get a basic menu driven list like most other apps. Only displays calories, fat, carbs, fiber and protein. So there is no report of saturated fat, vitamins, or other useful info. It only displays one item at a time, so adding up a meal would be a very arduous process that would require pen, paper, and probably a calculator. I could actually go on and on.Summary: Basically, there are a lot of other apps that do a better job, provide more information, are more useful, easier to use, and all around higher quality."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Okay, about a month ago, I was in my room getting ready for school. I was in a cross between: a Gryffindor  sweat shirt with worn skinny jeans and Ugg boots or a Camp Half Blood t shirt with skinny jeans and high tops. So I asked the Ghost Radar,&quot; Oh wise and powerful ghost in my room, which shall I WEAR?!&quot; I waited.and waited.and waited. then I freaked out. it said:&quot; Wear, sweat, shirt&quot;I literally cried out in excitement!!!!! This ghost had taste like a huge nerd like me!!!!!Theresa(:"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I agree with the others that the price is a bit steep for what you ultimately get: a simple timed word-forming game in the style of Text Twist. I was originally optimistic about this game, but once I played it a few times I realized that the only \"goal\" is to try and beat my own high score... over and over again. This may be perfect for some people, but I have become increasingly accustomed to games that offer a variety of different backgrounds and other rewards; I tend to be ambivalent about the rash of games that don't have these things, despite the capabilities to make them. I think one redeeming point here is the \"hidden words\" section -- but that's about it. By my third play, I was a bit tired of testing the limits of my vocabulary in the way this game wants me to."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I saw all the bad reviews and was suspicious they were planted there by a competitor to make this company look bad.  However, playing on a Samsung Galaxy S, this game had definite issues.First, there dots not seem to be an explanation as to what each tower did.  Strike one.Second, I could not adjust the game volume.  During the game, my phone's volume controls affected the ringer, not the game.Finally, the interface was terrible.  Trying to place a tower is so difficult, in that it is so slow to move across the screen as to render it unplayable.This could have been a nice sequel.  Instead it's a disaster."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "If you're a person that likes puzzles, this game is for you. I'm not exactly a puzzle person, but I got it for free while they were having a special. If you're not a puzzle person, DON'T GET IT. I mean, I don't regret getting it, but that's because I got it for free. If you don't like puzzles, then it's definitely not worth paying for. And for everyone who's complaining about it not having a colorblind option, what do expect? I'm sorry, but there's a MINORITY of colorblind people in America. They're not gonna make a whole other game that like, 10% of Americans would buy because they're colorblind. Also, if you're colorblind and you bought a Kindle Fire, if you have any sense to think ahead, you wouldn't have gotten one for apps, because most apps have color in them. Believe it or not, Kindle Fires were made for people to read."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I installed this Solitaire Game on my Kindle Fire HD as a second game as I noticed the original Solitaire Game will sometimes hang up after playing the game more than 10 to 12 times before the game is won.  I haven't noticed any problems with this game, but I noticed this version is easier to win than the original game I installed.  Both games are good, I have noticed that numerous Apps that are listed as free for either games or other things are just as good if not better than the one that one has to pay to get.  Would recommend any of the Solitaire Games with 4 to 5 Star Rating that are free for the Kindle Fire HD."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I really like this app. It has a lot of great features. I really enjoy the option of playing the music directly on the app, as well as downloading the music to your device. I actually use another app for playing the majority of my music on my phone, so the ability to download the music is great! And it downloads in a generic file type so that it is compatible with other programs.Amazon also offers the same app for download to your computer. That app is excellent! It offers the option to download and automatically add to iTunes."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Gave it a high rating as it's free and does more than i thought it would for free. Alot of free app's are just that free, you open and u can't use most of the features cause thay want a fee to do so. This one is simple to use and move around in. Streaming live TV, news vid's, news articles, my stocks watch list, and alot more. Sometimes with a weaker connection u can't load vids or watch live TV. but everything else loads well on weak signals. I recommend this app to all."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Great free app.This one is a must for any Kindle Fire user.Helps you know which wifi network signals are around, how strong/weak your signal is and what is the cleanest/less busy wifi channel available in your home area so you can get better connection and less interference from your crazy neighbors.Note: You have to change the wifi channel in your wifi routers settings not on the app. You do this by accessing the settings UI with your web browser (usually 192.168.1.1 or something like that). Once you find the best channel (during peak hours in the evening, set your channel to the one least used and you will be happy)Helps when out on the town as well trying to decide which public wifi signal to tap into.Enjoy and be sure to tell others of this great app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "So I just got this app today and as soon as I got on it, a word popped up said Sit. Which was weird bc I was sitting. so I started to say some names. names I said Grandma Brown, Grandpa Brown, Ben, Grandpa Wallace. then it popped up a word saying Fewer. then a few words came up I didn't understand like Fox, Entry and Simply. then I asked who this was and it popped up Dan Just now. It really creeped me out bc my dads name is Dan (he has not passed yet). Going to wait it out before I make my review a 5 star. I really recommend getting this app if you are into parnormal stuff."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "When my sister was in the hospital in ICU we wanted her to listen to music. We found Tunein on the Kindle . It came in clear and we witnessed a miracle. At the same time that she passed I'll Fly away came on which was the song she sang to our mother at her passing . My daughter and I had both said we would not be singing it to her because we don't sing well. You guessed it we all stood around her bed singing it. She must have been smiling."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game presents a clean aesthetic where you control a square that must escape the other &#34;evil&#34; squares trying to catch you.  You get some neat powerups that let you destroy them (like the power pellets in Pac-Man) and there are some other puzzle-type elements.  However, after just a few levels you feel as if the game has run out of ideas and you're stuck just playing more difficult versions of the previous levels.  It also tries to present a &#34;story&#34; with quotes from certain other block characters but it all falls a little flat."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is one of the best apps I've purchased through the years. With my new phone, Galaxy Note 2, for some reason I wasn't able to get all my music onto the phone. Many songs would be missing, and it would take forever to transfer the music. I tried several times and finally decided to see if there was a good app out there as I was becoming frustrated.I found iSynr, which I've heard of in the past but didn't feel the need to have. I decided to try it, I use iTunes anyway on my computer. It was amazing! It was fast, transferred all my songs and cover art, and on top of that all my playlists.This is by far one of the best apps I've purchased through the years and well worth the cost. For smooth syncing and music control from computer to phone and back again don't fear wasting your money on this app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "If you enjoy playing Backgammon, I recommend downloading this one, it can keep you entertained for hours on end.  I particularly like being able to choose the difficulty levels.  I don't really understand the &#34;doubling&#34; option that pops up from time to time, but you can turn that part off and not be bothered with it.  The computer is a good opponent even though some of its' moves don't always seem logical, it does give you a run for your money so to speak, and it plays fair.  The only improvement I would make on this game is to also offer the option of playing Acey-Duecy, but for the time-being I'm content with Backgammon."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Before I even checked out the native apps on my new phone, I went to the Amazon store to download this app (along with others previously purchased).  I never got past the permissions screen- could not believe how intrusive they have made this app!  So I didn't accept the terms, went back and read the reviews.  There were enough bad reviews to give me serious pause, and after realizing the app would only store to phone internal memory (not the memory card), as well as the syncing issues, I have decided to give this app a pass and use the native music player preloaded on my phone.  Sorry Amazon- I will miss being able to download music directly to my phone from Amazon purchases- but not enough to use your app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Verizon latest build update.First: The support folks are terrific. Not too much to do with the issue.Next. The new interface is awkward to say the least. Have had to use cloud on my Fire to insert titles for purchace. Records show previous purchase. Then download at no additional cost.  Although they still don't show in the cloud when sync is used.Have used Kindle reader on All my devices including this one without issue until this latest build.Would like to see last format returned.Cloud access issue seems fixed. Uninstall update. Reinstall. Cloud now appears. All books on device need be downloaded againd."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded The lost city when it was free, and I loved it. (It wasn't too short, but I wouldn't of been dissapointed if it had been longer.) I read the reviews for The secret of Grisly manor, and seeing it was made by the same people as The lost city, I bought it for $0.99. I had read reviews, and some people said it was very short, and I figured it would be as long as the other one (Which took me about a week). I was very wrong..I could've finished it in half an hour.So I gave The secret of Grisly Manor 4 stars, because I was dissapointed in the length. (In my opinion. it should be free - it wasn't long enough to be worth even a dollar.)If you're going to purchase one, purchase The lost city - you won't be dissapointed!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This TV guide app works dependable and is very easy to start up.  I do receive cable channel info.  It is better than a paper guide.  There is no info for Sundance Channel and I watch that a lot.  It is most convienent to scan channels on a format that has 3 hour programs posted ahead of that time.  You can plan ahead on what you would like to watch.  This was an easy download and you pick your cable station, etc. which it lists (every possible choice). Pretty neat app...a keeper.  Try it...you'll like it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "i have trouble getting this started on my lg optimus S but when it does open and doesnt force close it's a really well done app i have found fun and challenging. nice artwork and scenery, and very exciting when i figure out one of the clues and puzzles. i got it as free amazon app of the day download but would be willing to pay $1-2 for it. rated it down one star cuz of the trouble getting it to run. usually rebooting my phn does the trick."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The daily Bible by joansoft is hands down the best daily Bible app on the market, ANY market. I love the fact that it is extremely easy to use. My favorite feature is the share feature allowing the user to quickly and easily share the verse of the day to any social networking site. There is quick and easy links to a whole plethora of daily devotionals helping the user to develop their walk with God on a daily basis. I love this app and I have had MANY Bible apps but none can compare to what this one offers."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This App, is a really good app, complete, with a lot of interesting link, and the pronounce of the wordOf course to save the precious memory of our Android devices, the database is on-line, so when you can't have connection, the program doesn't works.Some android devices can install application on a additional memory card, and a release of the app, installable on a memory card, working off line will be great.So if you have no problem to stay on line, this is a really great app!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "When this app became available for Android I gave away my iPod nano. It is unbelievably convenient to download books directly whenever you want them! No mucking with awful iTunes.  I've been with Audible for nearly ten years now and this app is far and away the best listening experience I've ever used with the service.Audible itself is wonderful. You can read in so many places it's impossible to take a book. A good book makes your workout or commute fly by! It's a little weird at first--having books read to you--but if you stick with it, you'll quickly come to love Audible too."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Love this one.Very cool,you could listen to it all day and into the night.Oneof the many features is that you can literally listen to any band in the world.I have relatives living in the states and a broad and be able to dial into their towns and hear not only police traffic but also their weather.Just another great feature is going to the browse section,it will tell you if anything major is happening in a city that is going on.To many features to list,just sit back and enjoy playing with the scanner."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app really saves me a lot of time. It takes only a second to get an internet price. I'll be all up in Walmart looking at hammers or shovels or bone saws or something and the Amazon app is all like \"Yo dawg, I'll get you that sheeeiit for half price AND I'll ship it right to your house fo FREE!\" When the Amazon Prime benefits kick in it's a joyous occasion. I'm celebrating this app's magnificence with 5 stars. Do it.Do it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Pros:1) Is fairly feature-rich2) Has an associated thesaurus2) Not much elseCons:1) Larger than advertised - installs at 6.18MB, NOT 3.12.2) Requires an internet connection (to support the ad bars along the bottom - why else not have the word list and definitions on the device instead on lookup).3) Fairly large memory footprint. Not a problem for more modern devices or those with memory to spare but smaller or slower units will suffer.Overall, not that terrible if you don't mind the ads and the forced internet connection (both of which I despise), but might require that you watch the memory usage."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded this application and opened it while I was in the car. there was the occasional blip on the radar screen but nothing significant. and while there were a few words that appeared it was meaningless and random at best. but... when I got home and turned it on it was a different story. not sure what the different colored dots mean however there were many dots and many words being spoken in my house. I was standing in the kitchen and thought to myself what was I just gonna do? it was it that moment that the word &quot;pot&quot; appeared on the screen. oh yeah that's right I was gonna go have some pot. so off to the garage me and probly most of the ghost in the house went to get our bake on. truly this is an amazing application full of surprises and dare I say a mind reader."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "*some* people (not naming names) have posted reviews when they don't even have the app.. very sad! I have only played with a few of the functions, but so far it seems to be a pretty good financial app!  It *is* free.. if you bother to actually hit the \"purchase\" button, instead of coming on the review site and griping about something that has *nothing* to do with the performance of the app, your conformation e-mail will tell you it was free. It must be a glitch in the way Amazon posted it.. it has nothing to do with the developer, or the app!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't understand why all the negative reviews. This is a very good home replacement app. I've used every alternative out there and while this is definitely not the best it's nowhere near the worst. Just because it's different and you don't know how to use it doesn't mean it's a bad app.  There's no way I'd pay anything for this app, not with GO being free and a much better option, but for free dxTop certainly deserves a download. My advice, ignore the bad reviews and try it yourself. It's free for f's sake!And to the reviewer below me, no, this app did not break your phone. If you believe that is even possible you need to immediately post your EVO on craigslist and go buy an iPhone."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "As a disabled mother of 3 I'll often opt to leave my wheelchair in our van on short errands and risk walking to save the hassle of the chair while with the kids.  Unfortunately, doing that usually leaves me exhausted and in pain making remembering where we parked very difficult. Having one less thing to have to remember at the end of a shopping trip with the kids, regardless of whether I'm in my chair or not, is remarkably helpful.  All of that said, remembering where the car is isn't my favorite feature.  Being able to share where I am with my husband when I get tired when we're out, especially out with the kids, and have gone in different directions to save time is a Godsend.Not only is this app a convenience, but it's actually helped me feel more independent and more safe."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've read that because this is a HD version it cannot be played on the first or second generation kindle fires. It actually can. I own more than one HD game and its just as clear as any other game. Now as far as the game goes: it's alright nothing great but not horrible. It's basically a matching game that gets harder as you move along. Kills time but I've played better. And the totem that &quot;talks&quot; to you is neither creepy or cute is straight annoying."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "this app is pretty good. it freaked me and my sister out. there were red ghosts in my room and rite behind me. I was creeper out. one time I clicked on the app and rite away I saw ghosts in my bathroom. one time we heard a plastic bag move in my sisters room. we though it was a ghost so we said if there is a ghost in here show a dot in front of us on the radar. there was a red dot in front of us. we were scared. I do not think this app is any bogus but my mom does."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I really like this app a lot but of course you can't use it if you are away from your wi-fi signal. And we can only use up so much data allowance per day. An app like this will quickly go through all your allowance. We are on satellite and don't have the most expensive plan so we do have to be careful of how much we use. But it will be really nice if we are staying in a motel where we can listen to the music all night. Which by the way, you can choose any state, then any station and then any type of music. Even talk radio. Anything you could possibly want to listen to. Probably one of the nicest apps around."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've long hunted for an app that gives me the kind of WiFi signal strength and access point info for my home networks in a format that is easily understood, and WiFi Analyzer takes the cake. Using this app I was able to configure the twelve networks we have here in our college housing apartment complex so they don't conflict with each other, so they have the best signal strength possible, and much more. Everyone here who uses our WiFi saw a huge improvement, and it was thanks to this app. And it's free. You really can't beat that. Five stars."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The thing that stands out the most is the copy/paste feature for your usernames and passwords. It puts 2 ongoing notifications in your notification bar. So suppose you open your bank app, which resets when you goto another app. You pull down the notification bar, click the username notification and paste it into your bank app; repeat for the password. Ultra convenient.Plus, the passwords are encrypted multiple times (as many times as you specify), and the password file just saves on your SD card - if your phone kills over, you still have your passwords on your card.Finally, the organization is simple and easy to use: make categories and group the types of data together.GET THIS APP!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "omg this app freacked me out i was in a hotel room with my mommy and the thing seid : burn,hurt,nacked,and murders ?? that night ( we where in florida)  so like,  then to hours later the hotel burnt down!!! omg!!!! then a deleted the app.Befor i deleted it i had a couple more weird things happen one more was when i was in my room and i decided to open the app thincking it was a fool kind of stupid app.  ( its not) . but i was in my bed and it seid : lexi my sister thats her name so the next dat she was in the hospital with stiches!!! CREEPY CREEPY CREEPY! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a great little app - can be very addictive and has definitely helped my \"real time\" backgammon skills, I don't think there is a day that goes by that I don't play a few quick games, usually before going to sleep.  Much better than watching the late night news!  Highly recommend this for experienced backgammon players to sharpen their skills, or for beginners to learn the moves that you should automatically think of when you throw the dice and your numbers come up.Friends have commented that my skill level is approaching deadly :)  of course, I haven't told them why.  LOVE THIS APP. almost as much as I love my Kindle Fire!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Downloaded this as a FAotD. Great deal. It provides detailed information about the moon phase, as well as a beautiful, detailed image in the main app. Loads quick, no issues on my HTC Amaze (Gingerbread 2.3.4). Turning on the detailed shadows brings the image alive....But wait there's more -- you can interact with the image, dragging the phase and seeing what day that will be. Changing the date to go forward or back in time. Dragging the image to see the dark side of the moon. It's fun!But wait there's more -- Moon Phase Pro provides a Live Wallpaper that turns my HTC Sense lock screen into a changing image of the moon. (It's a shame to hide it under home screen widgets and icons.)But wait there's more -- the app gives you several dynamic home screen widgets, with or without data at a tap. So much for that last bit. ;) )I like this app, and heartily recommend it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have been using this every day for several months and I have fallen in love with it.Before trying this out I had been using Sparkpeoples calorie tracking app, which is also very good.There is one hugely important difference tho, this one has a built in barcode scanner. It makes entering foods as easy as can be.The food database is excellent and it's pretty easy to add both custom foods and meals.The my fitness pal site, to which this app is linked is also aces in my book.I can't imagine a better calorie tracking app.I use this and the free version of cardio trainer.  I like this combination much more than calorific or Noom because it is 100% comprehensive and allows me to keep track of things like sodium and protein consumption as opposed to general gross calorie intake.You really can't go wrong with this!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "For y'all folks that thought it actually works , it dosen't. It's just a way to entertain yourself. It's also a way to prank your friends into believing your crazy made up ramblings and making them parinoid. I know cause I've done it. It's hillarious. Anyways, while I do beloved in ghost ,there's no reason to take this so seriously. I mean the company or whatever that made this is named spud pickles so you shouldn't really believe it. That's like trusting someone named seedy. It is a fun game. It's funny to watch parinoid people freak out over it (I always explain to them that its fake after I stop laughing) . I like it ."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Due to publisher restrictions, some titles may not be wirelessly delivered to your device and instead require USB transfer from your computer to your device. These restricted titles also may not be accessed on Kindle reading applicationsThis quote appeared on my library's website as I was trying again and again to download a restricted book. I know kindle may not have much to do with this problem, but couldn't you provide some understandable documentation about how to download via usb to a computer in order to get it to an android reader, as opposed to a Kindle, or an off market reader? And what does the last line even mean?I never, ever get the drop down box to transfer to the usb and I can only assume it is the Android Device, but still, some documentation would help."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This review is for the free version.  Very nicely done implementation of backgammon, with fast and elegant interface, nice user controls, and good documentation.  I agree with some of the other reviews that the computer opponent seems to follow a flawed strategy with its end game in that it doesn't try to get its pieces off the board as soon as possible.  Also it seems slow to double when the game is winning and quick to accept doubles when I'm winning.  All in all, it's just challenging enough for me to make it interesting at level 5.As for the random dice generator, I don't agree that the computer cheats, but it doesn't seem to have a true uniform distribution (where each of the six sides of each die is equally likely).  In one of my first dozen games it gave me the same roll three turns in a row, and it does seem to roll an awful lot of doubles."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I loved this app &amp; used it daily.  You used to be able to pick just the channels you want to follow.  Alas... the &quot;new and improved version&quot; does not save the channels picked.  Yes you can pick the channels but when you go  back into the app all the channels you didn't  want to see are back.  The list is long to scroll thru if you are only interested in a few channels.  I have tried to save numerous times but it keeps bringing up all the channels.  I should have just stayed with the old version."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded this app to troubleshoot problems I was having in my wi-fi network with some people being unable to see my access point's SSID advertisements. Within a few minutes this app gave me enough information to solve my problems!The two most useful parts of the display were the channel spread per access point, and the signal strength. The channel spread showed me that I'd picked the same channel for my wireless network (11) as my neighbors, which was causing conflicts. I moved to channel 3 and there was no longer spectrum overlap. Also, another display showed the DB strength of my wireless signal, which made me realize that the placement of my router is less than optional. Not bad for 10 minutes with an app I used with a wireless deployment I've had for months.If you're experienced with wi-fi, this is a useful diagnostic tool. If you're NOT experienced with wi-fi, this might still show you some interesting info. I recommend it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded this App after signing up with Audible for a monthly subscription for my Kindle Fire HDX. I purchased 2 Audible versions of books I own so wanted to be able to also listen using my cell phone (Android) when I don't have my Kindle. I downloaded this APP, signed in to my account and got an error message &#34;Password Error&#34; over and over again - 4 separate times, removing the App, then reinstalling it, retyping email address and password, repeatedly.... Ugh! So, I  decided to use the Online Technical Support Chat option to find out what was going on. I then get somebody who's even more ignorant than myself so, in my opinion, this App has been a huge waste of time. Sure hope Audible's products are okay with my Kindle because I sure can't use it for my cell. If this is how Audible performs, I will be quickly cancelling my account."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is like a new, modern version of Pac-man, just without turning the ghosts blue. The game is a little more maze-like than Pac-Man and you have to think sometimes in order to solve certain puzzles. The graphics are decent but the sound got annoying in a hurry. Make sure to turn off that music! I did find this challenging enough to want to keep playing for a while.While it is pretty fun, but I found myself frustrated with the controls as I would try to be going a certain direction but my finger had slid too far away from the control area and I would stop moving altogether. Or fitting in some tighter spots can be a little difficult. I did get better with practice, but I kept getting frustrated by them."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "First of all, at this time it was free.  Having said that, I would pay for the app later if they came out with a Pay version.  I am very visual and it immediately showed all the WiFi connections in my block.  It has several screens that show the information in graphic format and one screen that shows the strength in a full screen \"Vu Meter\".  This helps with the Kindle finding a sweet spot in the house.  I am using it on a new Kindle \"Fire\" and it does not appear to have any problems at all.  Another real nice feature is that it shows on one of the color screens the channel you, and others are on.  This helps as I was able to move to the \"high end\" on my router while most of the others in my area were clustered around the low area.  Once again ... very nice, visual, application for use with my new Kindle Fire.  Thank you"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is the first app I have tried from the Amazon App store, and as it turned out, this was a good place to start. It works amazingly well on my HTC Inspire 4G, and it is not complicated to learn to maneuver through it and find what you want to hear. There are so many good choices for listening. I was a little disappointed to find out that my two local hometown stations aren't there, but then a message in the app told me that they have not been made available for streaming."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I read the online help & everything.  Honestly, this app did nothing for me.  I saw some pretty graphs but that was it.  I saw that my signal is the strongest.  If that is what this app is form fine but other reviews made this out to be a way to boost your signal & I never saw anything like that.  Like I said, I saw some graphs & my signal is strongest.  Not worth my time to download this, even with it taking less than 10 seconds."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "so I got this app today and have bin playing it on and off for about 2 or 3 hours I think that it is really a neat app but to be honest we just got our house built like 6 months ago and the chances that I have about 6 apperitions in our house is really slim. But I like to think that it may be a spirit attached to an antique that we may have. I honestly think that that would be really awesome but I'm not getting much clues because the only words I got where pink, shelf, automobile, soldier was a good one and my first one i also got fourth, fellow, and some other bland words."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is the most awesome and accurate ghost app ever! I had the radar turned on in the living room while sitting beside my sister. Suddenly a dot appeared (forgot what color it was) and said &amp;#34;iron&amp;#34;. I looked over at my sister, who was playing Minecraft on her Kindle, and she was PLACING IRON BLOCKS! I screamed and showed my sister. Another thing happened when my friend, whose grandmother had passed earlier, was wearing a necklace her grandma had given her. I examined it with the radar on and it said &amp;#34;saved&amp;#34; and &amp;#34;grandmother&amp;#34;. OMG!! You MUST get this app!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is the best dictionary ever. My son told me about this and it has everything in it and so easy to read- plus it speaks the word for you!  awesome.. the definitions are easy to understand.  I just love the word of the day.!  It had a problem for a few days and when I told them about it they fixed it so fast. ! I share all the word of the days with my friends. This is the one to get. Awesome people!plus it has Spanish words. !"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app wouldn't download my songs to my 16gig SD card reliably, and when it did, it was epic fail. It &lt;&lt;NEVER>> imported all my music even though I checked carefully to ensure I hadn't gone over the level. It may have been something I am doing wrong, but I doubt it. The app asks you where you want the stuff loaded to, then arbitrarily decides where to load the stuff to. Save your time and money. I'm looking for a better solution, and in the meantime, I'm doing this the old-fashioned way. Hey! CDs!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "First off, this is NOT a \"bubble-popper\" game.  Believe me, i hate those!  I already played bejeweled when facebook was new, and that was it for me.  This is about patterns and figuring out how to clear the board utilizing new criteria for how you're allowed to do so with each higher level.  The story/dialogue has always seemed odd and fairly extraneous to me.  But i have played through this game about 4 times, each on a different device.  It is flawless."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I found only two backgammon games in the Amazon app search, and the reason why is that the folks  @ AI Factory have written a solid game for those of us that remember the reason for these once popular games before FPS and D&amp;D. Real staticical stradederies. (as Geo. Bush would say). The game lets you concentrate on why certain moves are better than others and undo when you go astray and the algorithm smacks you down.On the next update I would and a line that says &quot;Not resigning&quot; when the game score is tied and the next game decides the match, even though its looking bad!  ie, a continue play button for fun's sake.  Compact app, plays great on my Kindle Fire.  MLawson di Ransom Canyon Rock Solid Consulting."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "While it provides some good information and will help you find out how much things are going for in a neighborhood.  It isn't always up to date exactly.  Sometimes a property is sold by the time you check it out and call on it.  Other times, it's off the market.  Some of the photos of the neighborhoods are out of date satellite photos and some new developments that are built out are still showing are bare earth.  All in all, it's a good tool, but caveat emptor, especially in anything to do with real estate."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "When I first played this game, I thought, &#34;Not too bad of a game.&#34;  Now that I've played it a few times, I'm not as excited as I was when I played it the first time.  It was a good game, I think I lost interest mainly because it was the same ole thing over and over again, just a little more challenging than the previous round...  It can keep me busy while I wait in line or at the doctors office though. :)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Wow. I just had this app on and went into my kitchen when it went haywire with words and letters and warnings. It had red, green, yellow, and strange blue dots all over the screen. It was awesome. I really recommend this app. It is lots of fun and I am glad I got it :)Note: Review is from my daughter.  Thus far it seems to do really well, saying \"Father\" when I am in the room, and saying, \"metal\" when her Mom is in the room.  Her Mom had a metal rod in her leg when she was younger and it still messes up antennae TV signals when she is near them.  Thus this is a more interesting version then older ones I have been exposed to &lt;--This last part is me."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I downloaded this app onto my Kindle Fire, started it up and it immediately displayed the closest wireless networks to me and I was able to identify the most congested channels around. I logged into my wireless router and switched to an unused channel and my Kindle Fire connectivity improved tremendously. My Roku connection which was listed as \"poor\" also shot up immediately to \"excellent\". Now my connections just fly and my wireless router no longer drops every few days the way it had been. I also walked through the house and discovered even more networks near to me that had been impacting my bandwidth. This is an excellent application and I wholeheartedly recommend it. You don't have to be a geek to use the app, btw. It's simple to use as it offers multiple graphical views which in turn makes it easy to understand the information displayed."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "but I'm hoping for some improvements. Haven't tried the desktop yet, but the Android app needs a few things.FB:inbox accessgroups accessthe ability to block feeds or delete invidual posts from within the apptagging for status and phototwitter:profile editingoverall:notifications of any type! (there are settings, but they've never worked for me)speedTumblr integrationplus when I compare to the browser, there are lost updates.I still use it, of course, but if anyone comes out with an app to address those problems with similar benefits, I'm switching right away, cute raccoon or not."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I enjoy listning to police/fire/rescue frequencies from time to time but don't care to shell out for an actual factual scanner . Thought this would be an enjoyable option , which it was but alas my immediate region is not available to listen in on and lets face it , who wants to NOT hear whats going on in their neck of the woods ? I did enjoy listening in on some of the international frequencies it offered , Sydney Australia is a great one ! So for that alone it was worth it but don't be surprised if your preffered area isn't available since many of the places across the US weren't offered for listening ."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Used to I had to cart 5 or 6 books with me on trips and if I really liked them I had to bring them back with me. With this Kindle for Android app I can have as many books as I want, read them all and buy more. I love books, but this is so space friendly! I no longer need to worry about space, weight, or running out of books. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that I often find typos; sometimes reversals, or combining groups of words, missing words, but you can still read and understand the stories."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "For everyone saying the towers only fire once, you need to learn how the game works. One of the first things the game tells you is that you need a power station. That is a poor concept, and without the power station your towers only fire once. The power station &quot;recharges&quot; your towers, but can't handle a lot of them unless you upgrade the station. I gave it a one star for no sound, poor instructions, no real options menu, the use of a &quot;power station&quot; that costs a much as a basic tower and is required, and really for just being a bad game.To the devs, if you are going to force the player to use a power station for the towers either lower the cost or raise the amount of gold players start with."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've been playing Military Madness/Nectaris since it was new on the Turbo Graphix 16 here in the U.S.  This version was very playable with a single finger interface.PROS:I can't think of any of the Turbo Graphix 16 original vehicles that didn't make it, they all seem to be here.Control scheme works well.Entertaining.Game mechanics still hold up well.Cheap!Cons:The AI is weak. I blew through this game quicker than I should have.If you're used to hitting the \"back\" button on your Android Phone to back off of controlling a unit it could back-fire since that exits the game without saving.  (takes some getting used to)No network / multi-player.I recently noticed there were \"bonus\" levels after beating the \"final\" level by selecting the chose map screen and clicking on the level that appears without the progress road attached.  The final levels, 19 & 20, are actually rather challenging."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The apps was first released in Amazon App Store in 2011, which I got the app around that time. The app was OK but quite buggy and crash once in a while, especially if you have more than 5 financial accounts listed in the app.I tried to email the developer, no response. The app, as of 2013, has NOT been updated to the latest version.Also, if you go to Google Play Market (Google own Android app store), this application has also NOT been updated since 2012.Since the developer has abandoned this software, I strongly caution people NOT to use this app, especially for financial stuff. You may risk losing all your financial data or not being able to import it to another application."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a faithful and realistic implementation of a familiar board game.  I enjoy board games that I can play against the computer.  (I'm not into online games, or playing with others who I don't even know.  And I usually only have a very limited amount of time to play a game, so it has to be on my time, and whenever I like.)  This version of Backgammon plays a good game -- but not the kind where you will be beaten every time you play.  (I hate computer chess games, for example.)  Of course, it's still a game of change; your success depends, to a great extent, on the &#34;roll of the dice&#34; -- literally. But in this case, that roll seems pretty fair.  And with some careful playing, I tend to win more games than I lose -- which is fine with me."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I usually know where the hot spots are in my neighborhood, and I sure know where there are no networks on my hikes, but this analyzer told me when I was having problems with connectivity in my home office. I started \"losing strength\" a couple of nights ago (the bars went from 5 to 1) and, with a business network account, this just shouldn't happen. But I used the Wi-Fi Analyzer and sure enough, mine was one of the weakest of six networks in the area. Then I noticed a pattern: always weaker at night. Last night, I had to \"reinstall\" the connection, and today it was confirmed by my provider that they've been having problems. The Wi-Fi Analyzer got me a one-month credit! (Results may vary: I've been with the same provider for 5 years.)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I never planned on buying e-books, I was more than happy just using a print book. That just changed, I received an Android tablet (10.7 inch) for my birthday in January, and didn't do much with it until recently. I was in Amazon App store to download a timer for poker when I came across the Kindle app. So I downloaded that as well, while looking to order a new book from one of my favorite authors, I noticed that he had written several short stories for the Kindle only. I ordered the stories, and was delighted with the ease of operation in downloading to the tablet, the ease in reading while in bed, on the couch, room lights on or off. I am definitely a believer in e-books now. I still like print books for the beach and pool, but the Kindle is great for the other times that weather is not an issue for electronics. Definitely recommend this to all the readers out there."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I wasnt having much luck in finding ghosts, as I live in a new house in Greenwich Village in San Francisco, so I got bored and started playing around with the settings.All of a sudden, the thing just lit up like crazy! I screamed because at first I thought I was surrounded by ghosts, but then my neighbor 'roommates' Ace and Gary came running over to see what was wrong and the scope was pointing right at them! Thats when I realised I had changed the setting from 'ghost' to 'fairy'.Now I can't go into a Starbucks without the thing pinging off the charts."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't write many app reviews ... because most range from useless to \"eh\". TuneIn Radio, however, is incredibly useful and amazingly fun! I can listen to local radio stations, public access radio (scanners, health services), and a huge number of world-wide stations of all sorts; both over the air and internet, including my favorite melodic pop station, Alan Haber's Pure Pop Radio!! My Kindle is now my radio, as well as my book and my gameboy! Happy am I!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "There are two things I ask of a Klondike-type of solitaire program--Vegas scoring rules and a deck of cards that is easy to read.  Most (but not all!) programs have Vegas scoring, but very few have visually appealing cards.  They are invariably, crude, fuzzy, or just plain unpleasant to look at.  Solitaire (Free) is one of two apps of the nearly dozen I've looked at that satisfy both of my criteria.  The other is Klondike Solitaire by Softick Ltd.  Unfortunately, Amazon system won't let me insert a link to the Amazon page for the other app, but you can find it by using Amazon's search feature."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was looking for an app to use as a scanner and while the free version on this app is fine the PRO version is finer. I use the things one puts on the home screen to listen to both police and fire but I have to manually switch between the two. I wonder if we could choose our favorites and then have the app &#34;scan&#34; each of them? I know it must be possible, it's in the name, but I haven't figured out how it can be done. Also I worry that the source website counts on it's users to provide content and you know how fragile that can be. I mean people are fallible and at the most critical times they may just forget to turn on their home scanners. Then what do we do?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Yeah it sure is simple in the very first few levels but it does get interesting after you complete some levels. The graphics are very good and cute. The Totem keeps mumbling something or the other in each level as you get acquainted with the rules of the game. You can skip the mumbling if you like. It installed fine on the original 'Kindle Fire' even-though it says \"HD\" and I am keeping this on my Kindle Fire and play few more levels and update the review later if needed. But for FAOTD I think it is a worth a try. If you are into puzzles and matching games you will like it.Have fun!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love this app. Me and my Nana play around with it a lot, and we both believe in ghost/spirits. One time my Nana was cleaning the house, and I turn this app on while she was vacuuming. Then a red dot appeared and the word &quot;Attempt&quot; popped up. A second later the word &quot;organization&quot; appeared. I thought about my Nana cleaning the house and that attempt organization means clean house. After that &quot;wherever&quot; popped up and I thought it was saying clean the house wherever it needs to be cleaned. I think this app is pretty cool!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have had the PRO version about six weeks. It delivers great adjustable Audio, A Favorite button, add from a huge list. All I had hoped for and more. A tap of the screen takes me instantly from full coverage of Chicago to areas of New York City to A County S.O. in Texas. If you live with anyone, use headphones and enjoy listening to calls about true crimes, true breathless chases after the bad guys, and the satisfaction of \"In custody.\" Crime may not pay but this APP pays off big time. Where is a cop when you need one...Right here!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It's a very good scanner program and is very easy to use and understand and works great on my Kindle Fire HD. I only have one disappointment about it. I live out in the country and about 40 miles or so from our County Sheriffs Office and the county I live in is not listed. So, I have to set it for the large city that's about 30 miles away and not in the County in which I live. We have no local Police Department and our local volenteer volunteer fire department is not listed in it either."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I think this is the only radio app. that has AM and FM stations. Even stations local to you. I also listen to streaming weekly shows about the internet and electronics. (mainly twit) I like listening to obscure stations from all over the US reminds me of traveling by car. The free version has ads and the paid version does not but I like the ads, it's the American way!Sorry to say after listening to the free version, every time it changed ads there was much digital sputtering, making it unlistenable.Reminds me of the old dial-up days. The ads change a lot and if the ads blinked on and off, Whoa, Nelly! This is the first time I've had problems with Tune-In. I love it on my phone and Nook reader, so I went ahead and bought the paid  version, and what do you know....it's perfect!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't use Facebook very much, so I can only say that from what I've seen, Seesmic for Android does a pretty good job with Facebook. Of course, the official Facebook Android app is so atrocious that a flaming sack of dog feces is preferable. As far as the Twitter functionality of Seesmic, I can definitively say it's great. I've tried a number of different Twitter clients for my Android phone and tablet, and Seesmic was the one I kept coming back to. The timeline is smooth and simple to navigate, managing direct messages and @ mentions is quite convenient, and searching across Twitter is dead simple. It's been over a year now since the folks behind HootSuite acquired Seesmic, but the Seesmic app has (so far) not been effected by that. If you're looking for the solution for using Twitter on your Android device, Seesmic is it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have been a subscriber to Zillow's web site for almost 2 years. This application does much more than what I was ever able to do on my phone. I have had great success in saving my searches for specific properties as well as searching for specific locations. This is a tool that I would rate as a must have for someone wanting to relocate, research, or invest in property. I would strongly recommend this application! I have not once been disappointed in my research using the Zillow app on my Kindle Fire."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is fun! I love the mystery games with the puzzle elements, and these puzzles don't disappoint! They're challenging enough that you'll scratch your head for a bit, but won't be too difficult for the sake of being difficult.My main problem with this is that its too expensive. Almost 2 dollars for a game that you can beat in less than an hour? I've spent 4 dollars on other apps that have a gameplay of 20+ hours and its still going. Wish it was longer, or at least that they would make a free version with advertisement throughout the game."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Ok people, God is real, the devil is real, and angels are real. So are spirits! Sometimes ghosts seek revenge, or they are friendly. This app is real. Here are what the signals : red, it is very strong. Yellow, strong. Green, weaker. Blue, barely there. This is real. Here's what it did to me one time: I was on my kindle fire on the couch, and it said &quot;wind&quot;. I thought it meant something, so I went to the weather channel. Believe it or not, but there was a big tornado watch in the south, thank goodness I don't live down there. I'm never trying in my bedroom, though. I'm afraid. I admit it. But this app is real. Trust me."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I had downloaded this app on my Kindle Fire just to check it out and thought it was fairly decent.  It was about 2 weeks later when I was putting up a shelf and my actual level was not in the tool box or anywhere else I looked. Then I remembered I had this app and grabbed my Kindle, stood it on its side on top of the shelf, made the needed adjustment and secured it to the wall. Later that day when I finally came across my level, I double checked to see how accurate it turned out and it couldn't have been any more level than it was. I am impressed and although it may only come in handy once in a great while, it still is a very useful app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm sorry to IMDb for this review. Maybe it could be useful, if I cared about looking up movies/music/whatever this app does. But, this app was automatically installed on my phone (Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD 4G Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)when it automatically updated to the Jelly Bean software version. I guess Amazon and Motorola and Google are all paying each other off - because now I am stuck with FIVE apps from them that I cannot delete. Please let me delete this - I bought my phone for a lot of money, I should not have to have your junk on it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is fine, eve if the graphics aren't great. I started the game read the directions and played just like any other game. The tower don't just shoot once, they start slow and progress as you play.I hate that the dev is getting slammed with lies but the one star reviews are not true, read the directions and the game plays fine. Amazon has been completly run over with trolls and you people wonder why the apps are mostly low quality.the price is way too high, but the game is fine. Too bad this dev has already been destroyed."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Got this app when it was free and was very pleased with it. Beautiful and a lot of fun since I'd been looking for a good mystery game for a while. But, like everyone else has been saying, it is a short game. The end does leave room for a possible follow-up, but alas, there has been nothing. I got so excited when I saw an update was available for it, promptly installed it, but nothing has changed. No new chapter, no part 2, no difference whatsoever except a tiny option change that now allows for FX volume adjustment in addition to music volume.I would love a real update to this game with more gameplay. Until then, only 3 stars."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Other websites about real estate only list properties currently on the market. This one give the value of all properties. I looked up my own home and found an underestimated quote but I was able to add details to the description that changed the value. Now when you look up my home you can see a more accurate value. If you live in a tract development this may be helpful but where my home is each house is different,custom built, so all are different. This site also give past selling values of homes and that can be a real eye opener especially in this changing market."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a game that will stretch your pattern recognition skills. Basically, you need to remove circles in groups. They have to be in columns or rows. Each level seems to have a couple of \"keys\" that will help you get started. I didn't need more than one try for a level until I got into the 20s. I find that it is very satisfying to clear a board.The visuals are pleasing. I think that this is a game that I will enjoy playing for a few minutes here and there until I finish it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is one of my most used apps.  I seem to manage to have to look up at least a word a day and this little app makes it easy.The best part about this program is it automatically try's to fix your spelling of a word.  To me, that is so refreshing because chances are, if I am looking up a word, I don't know how to spell it!Just realize that you need to be connected to the internet to get to the data.  Good luck!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I think it's a very competently designed app, which would be invaluable if I didn't already have a good web browser and access to Dictionary.com's webpage.  While it does have a few features, not available on the website, none seem necessary to me.  As such, I feel it's a very good app, but not a good match for my personal needs - I've since uninstalled it, to free up resources.  However, for many other folks, it might indeed be very worthwhile."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "what do I mean? well we can't always carry a deck of cards round with us so virtual solitaire serves its purpose. I actually like this version and have played it while wating for a variety of things. at the car shop, waiting for windows updates, things that take time and we cannot extricate ourselves from, so play solitaire! this version allows not only unlimited undo but if you think &quot;I should have won&quot; you can replay the game. NO the deck won't magically produce the card that would have unlocked your win. but unlike playing cards you may find that &quot;i could've had a V8&quot; move that allows you to win."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I never expected this scanner to be so great. I pick up police, fire, EMS, railroads.....from my area and from several different states as well. And the reception is super clear. I bought a scanner for a few hundred dollars last year and returned it - it was terrible. But this free app on my Kindle Fire picks up everything and all I have to do is type in a city name or county! Easy, fun and free. No trouble with installing it or using it at all.I highly recommend it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've tried a number of Sudoku apps and never quite been satisfied until I played Enjoy Sudoku. It's got it all - consistent difficulty modes, intuitive and efficient interface, great highlighting, and an incredible hint/tutorial system. A great game for any skill level - it'll help and tutor you to discover all the complicated strategies if you get stuck.There is a free version where you can play the daily puzzle at each difficulty as a trial; the unlimited puzzle generation is awesome and well worth it."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "What can I say other than it works like a charm! Open it up and, if you have the graph selected, you can see all the wireless signals in the area, centered on its channel, and the height of the peak corresponds to signal strength. Walk around the house to see how the signal strength changes. Surprisingly, there were several more signals - about 3X as many than shown on my phone or laptop - picked up by this app.  I installed a wireless extender and was able to optimize its location using Wireless Analyzer. There's a lot more it can do, but this alone has me sold!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I like this game but as difficulty is increased so is the probability that dice roles will benefit the AI.  Difficulty is increased by the computer's ability to get the exact roll that will capture any open game piece.  Your rolls,  on the other hand, are increasingly likely to force leaving a piece open to deny your ability to cover spaces.  I'm sure that programming an AI to &amp;#34;think&amp;#34; is difficult but manipulating the dice roll as a solution is infuriating.  Also, as a general rule, if the AI asks to double, resign the game. I play the game frequently but more often than not (on the higher levels least) I will quit the game out of frustration."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I've used this App for many months on my original Droid and again on the Kindle Fire.  This is easily one of the best apps I've found in the Android Market.  Perhaps the most useful feature is the ability to view signal strength of all nearby access points on a nice chart listing all of the available channels, making it very easy to see when two or more access points are interfering with each other, and demonstrating which channels would be available for use to reduce such interference in the future."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a simple app that I thought my young grandchildren would enjoy. I was surprised that the 3 yr old isn't interested in it & the 2 yr. old gets bored quickly. I actually have fun with it...hmmm...what does that mean? Anyway, some reviewers state that younger children have fun with it.You can make a big bubble by holding your finger on the screen, or several bubbles by touching & moving your finger around the screen. Tapping a bubble will break it. Just like real life some of the bubbles break on their own. Nice bubble sounds.It works fine on my Kindle Fire HD."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "if u r a scaredy cat and cant handle scary stuff don't get it.it is that simple I seriously don't get why people think its fun to be scared I mean like you are worried what's going happen just live your life with a clean diaper Ps I think all you horror movie makers are sick and twisted my friend at school said when she was five she saw  a little&quot;ghost&quot;girl with a jump rope please give me a break people should have better things to do than sit their with a poopy diaper cause you are so scared and you are just sitting there in fear that a &quot;ghost&quot;will be in there"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "please make more like this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! xxx xxxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xx  xxx  xx xx x  x  x xx xx x x x  great game! way better than hidden object games."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "EasyMoney is pretty easy and intuitive and more importantly, it's reliable.  No big bugs to report.  I used to use Splashmoney on my old PalmPilot.  It was great.  I was going to buy the version for the Kindle Fire, but saw more than one really bad review.  So, I looked around and saw that EasyMoney had some pretty good reviews.  Once I finish putting in my budgets, and set up my regular transfers and payments, I think I will find EasyMoney very useful."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "my only problem with this app is that it is sometimes inconsistent with the items shown daily on the front page of the store. the free song &amp; the sale album should, in my opinion, always be there. a featured 69 cent song is a nice addition, but shouldn't replace either &amp; the same goes for a featured $5 album.i don't use the cloud player from my phone often, but haven't had any problems yet. i love that my purchased songs from the site or the app go immediately to the cloud. way better to have this than some other cloud players i've tried, like the one that requires your computer at home to be on so you can listen from your phone while you're out... wtf?"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love to read and was the one who carried around ALL the books I was currently reading.  Anyone else who reads know that's a real back breaker!  I have this app on all my major reading electronics ( my Cruz Tab, my pc,  my Android phone and Galaxy Tab). Renders well on all except G. Tab. The splash screen is off,  so it doesn't fit screen.  Love having all my books with me at all times, love I can read whatever whenever however whyever... lol.  Syncs flawlessly,  adjustable fonts, different lighting levels... ;)  Only thing it needs are real page numbers and real in book dictionary.  NEVER liked the Kindle ereader cause I believe it you're gonna drop hundreds on electronica it better do more than one ghing... JMO.  Great app! Thanks!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This would be great for kids at a slumber party or for really naive adults who believe every speck of dust in a picture is an orb.I bought the free version and I liked it well enough and then I bought the paid version which is no different from the free version in any noticeable way.With the paid version, it's almost as though it is setup to shoot out random words and phrases at a certain interval. Maybe they thought people would get their moneys worth that way to give people who paid for it more fake excitement? It seems that way to me.If you're into the paranormal, I would download the free version just if you're curious but don't buy the paid version. The free version is better, in my opinion.Don't expect this to be a serious tool--it's just a toy."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "When I did manage to get a word or two accepted, the game was over, and an ad would pop up for another app, and then I had to accept or push another \"button\" to go back to the game. The game seems to be enjoyable, but nothing would happen when I tried to select a letter. I tapped; I tried sliding the letter; I just pushed on the letter. It worked about 10% of the time.I tried the app twice. However, it was much more trouble than it was worth and I deleted it from my Kindle Fire...twice."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love using this app. It's become my very own personal best friend in the past months. There are drawbacks I don't like. Number one being that there are no page numbers and sometimes there is no way to navigate chapters. If you lose your place at times you have to flip through and hope to find it again or trial and error. There needs to be a page location that is not just 374 out of 1000, which doesn't reflect the page number. The other thing I don't like is that you can't organize your books. There is no way to make a book playlist by author or by name. I wanted to separate the same author books into the proper series to read by and it won't let me at all, which is frustrating. Other than that though, it is a good app and swiftly allows downloads of new items. Also multiple book bundles get a little wonky when trying to find another book within the bundle to read."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This \"Amazon MP3\" app provides a clean and easy interface to access the music files on my HTC EVO 4G or from the Amazon \"Cloud\". I use this app every night to play my \"Brown Noise\" for sleeping and generally whenever I want to listen music through my phone.Using the app is straight forward, with a simple layout and standard player controls. You can select to display the music in the Cloud, previously downloaded to the device, or access the Amazon \"Store\". The app also allows downloading your Cloud stored MP3 files to your device but, as other reviewers have noted, it does not allow you to select where they are stored (i.e. to your SD card). The download location shortcoming is not a significant issue for me since I don't have a lot of music files, but this would be an issue for someone like my daughter who has hundreds of files.The ease of use and access to the Cloud stored files makes this a good choice for my needs.Recommended!CFH"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I previously wrote a negative review years ago... But now? WOW! Prime Music has changed everything for me, and I'm happy to endorse this app and the service! I've deleted the old review and have totally changed my mind.My only complaint now is that this app is NOT compatible (or available) on Amazon Fire TV, and this just doesn't make sense! I can load Pandora and a dozen other music services on the Fire TV, but Amazon's own Prime Music service isn't available on their own hardware? WHY?!?  Amazon, PLEASE get with it and put this app on the Amazon Fire TV! I would definitely get a lot of use out of it!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Works like a charm on Kindle Fire!. It was very helpful in positioning the Router. I was amazed how much difference it made with the Wi-Fi signal after re-positioning the router just few feet higher of it's original place. I love the different visual options and audio beeps from the app that makes your work easy to read the signal strength and also different recommendations as to which channel is less crowded in your area.I can see it very useful for anyone who roams a lot with their kindles and want to find the best Wi-Fi in the locality.Super useful. Now ... I wish it could also detect leaking pipes around the house :-)Five Stars! Kudos to the Developer and making this app FREE!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Like everyone has said before me, the graphics are AMAZING on my Motorola Xoom. However, as soon as you start to get into the game, it's over.If you like Professor Layton's on Nintendo DS then you would like this game. I guess it reminded me so much of Layton that I was expecting it to be longer.This is just a taste of an actual game, like maybe an inning of a baseball game. Not even an inning. Just one side up to bat.If this was longer, I'd give it 5/5. But I would expect to only devote an hour or less to play the whole game. Just as long as you realize that, you won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Reviews are better than the app so it was worth the purchase price of zero..Got my money's worth. Gave it a 4 rating because the reviews were soooo funnyMy radar said I had a flat tongue and the police were going to act at the store. That is what I got from : police, store, act, tongue, flat. Love it...great timing for halloween. Don't let it creap you out it's just entertainment. Laugh a little. Keep the cool reviews commingled...oh...wait...incomming...message : Whatever you do give it your all...except when you are giving blood. hahahaha{^_-}"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Was looking to find a easy way to see whats on tv at a glance.  Works better then any other apps.  Set it up to your area and then remove the channels you don't want and then whenever you bring it up its all up to date and ready to go.  Works well on my fire.  Would reccommend to anyone who can't always keep track of there favorite shows.  Tells you what the episode is about and if its an old or new episode.  Love it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is a good app.  It doesn't do anything that IMDB on your laptop or desktop doesn't do identically.  However, if you want to experience a genius use of IMDB, install the Google Chrome Browser onto your laptop or desktop. Then add the free IMDB extension for that browser.  Next time you are reading about a tv show or movie, highlight it with your cursor.  All of a sudden, the extension lights up on your toolbar with a red number.  That number is the rating for the movie or tv show.  If you want to read more, click on that red number and a new tab will open and you are there on the very page and can read the synopsis, reviews, cast list, etc., I use it every single day."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "At first I was skeptical of this app, but right when I started it the app said \"chair\"...I was laying in bed with my desk chair facing me and the phone. So i kinda thought it somehow used the phone's camera, I was at the store and it said shelf and then I got shivers and it said breeze. But the big selling point was when I was in my room changing and the app said change...the phone was on my bed with the camera facing the sheets so it wasn't the camera.I don't know if its 100% accurate or real but its probably 75% entertaining and 25% real. Kinda like a ouija board thats sold as a game but then theres creepy stories about it.But its fun when it talks, usually a lot of silence."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I always enjoy watching Ghost Adventures and The Dead Files so downloaded this free for the fun of using it. When my son used it he got some action and a few words so he enjoyed playing with it. When I used it nothing, but still one of those things that is fun to pull out when you are bored to waste a little time. We have not tried it outside the home. I would like to point out that even the expert ghost hunters don't get action everytime they do a lockdown at a location so just have fun with it!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have had the free version for over a year now.  I never bought it because one puzzle a day is plenty for me.  I think I tried every sudoku option out there on the market a couple of weeks ago because I was seeing if there was something better but didn't find anything that offers all the features this one does.  Although I will say sometimes the hint system doesn't explain the strategy as well as I would like (When it teaches you what to look for).Oh, and I just found out its compatible with my Xoom...excellent!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "The app in its former life as the MP3 app was very good - at least 4 stars.  The new version is only worth 1 star.  What is most annoying is that whenever I startup the app it spams me with a full screen ad for Prime music with no obvious way to get to my music.  I thought this trick was reserved for malware.  I finally discovered that pushing the back &#34;button&#34; twice quickly on my device  I could get to my music.  This is not how an app which is supposed to stream music I pay for (either by purchasing it or by subscribing to prime) is supposed to behave.  I really wish there was an alternative app."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I used to have the free app, and was happy to see this one on faod. the game itself is simple to play, focusing on great ui rather than fancy graphics. Level of play ranges from easy to medium, if you are professional backgammon player it will probably be too easy for you. It is, however, a good range for most.In terms of permissions, this is another great app by ai factory, which means no spyware and no intrusive permissions. I have purchased several of their apps before and this is no bait and switch, their apps stay permission free"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "HANDS DOWN BEATS THE SCHEDULING GUIDE ON YOUR TV!!!!!!I love that I can make my own viewing guide by  eliminating all the channels I don't like.  It's so much easier to look at programming by scrolling on my KF instead of endlessly pushing a button on the remote control to look at page after page of programming.Also love that I can pick sports and see all the teams playing at the same time so I can quickly go to the channel I want to watch.  Ditto for movies.Viewing the entire line-up for one channel each day is so easy and quick.My only complaint is that I can't save my home viewing area and set up a new one I go on vacation in another viewing area."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Easy to use.  The database of bar codes is very complete, almost every grocery item I scan is found.  The syncing between devices and the web site is quick and reliable.  Works great on my phone and my Kindle Fire.  Custom food, recipes, and exercise activities are simple to add and incorporate.  Not too complicated, so it's easy to get in the habit of using it and seeing calories consumed vs burned at a glance.  Finally, because the database of foods is so complete, the macro and micro nutrition report is useful and trustworthy wothout having to manually enter these details."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Since the update of Amazon mp3 player, many of the songs I purchased thru Amazon, and downloaded thru Amazon, will not play.  I get &#34;exception 119&#34; or other playback errors.  This is annoying in and of itself, but when using the player during a run or workout, it completely stops the player, meaning I have to finish the run/workout without music, or break my pace/concentration to skip to the next song.Getting a paltry number of &#34;free&#34; (for prime) songs to choose from doesn't override the inconvenience of a player that doesn't play....."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love this game!!! I got it as a FAOTD last week and it is the only game I have been playing since then. It is a hybrid of a Boggle type word game and an RPG. The game begins in dungeon 1. You are given a random set of letter tiles to create words. The words you make are given point scores. The points are considered spells to defeat monsters that vary from 3 point rats to 98 point dragons. The point power of your words slay the monsters. This game is very engaging. The letters available for each dungeon even vary slightly because the more letters you use, the more bonus tiles, that can only used once, show up. I wish I didn't like this game quite so much. My house would be clean again!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "okay so I just got this app for my kindle. I figured it would be some sort of gag thing but now I'm freaking out. I got bored so I said outloud what word am I spelling; p-e-t-e-r. it said a bunch of random words for a while so I turned off my kindle. about five minutes larger I checked it again and the list of words it had said was seven. one of then was Peter!!!!!!!!!! I'm freaking out!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This Holloween Pumpkin Live Wallpaper is a fun interactive wallpaper that livens up your phone's background. This was one of Amazon's \"Free App of the Day\" so it was an easy choice to try. This wallpaper is a fairly simple game that allows you to explode regenerating pumpkins and knock vampire bats out of the air by tapping them in quick succession. This can cause the inadvertent launching of apps if you play this on a cluttered screen, so I only play it on a fairly empty screen.This is a seasonal app (at least for me) and I will likely change my wallpaper back to a picture of my family after Halloween.Recommended! This installed and ran perfectly on my HTC EVO 4G (Android v2.3.3).CFH"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I love this app.  I use it on my home computer all the time.  Every real estate agent says NO NO NO  don't use this let me get your info, but in my experience this gives me comps, five years worth of taxes and graphs to show what the house and surroundings are doing, past and present sales.  Also what the list prices on the houses and what Zillow thinks they are should be selling for.  Most times the houses sell closer to Zillow estimates that what they agents listed the houses for. Great App"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "i downloaded this thinking it would be interesting.  im a believer i guess even though ive never had any actual experiences.  tonight it did display some random words.  BUT the three words in a row that caught my attention was &quot;see casey thin&quot;.  this might not mean much to others but i lost my mum to cancer a year ago.  my sons name is case and we often call him casey.  he is also painfully thin because of his medical problems and the medication he is on.  how odd was that?  a voice from the other side or just random words that i put meaning to......"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Really, this one is about a 3.5 for me.  However, I can't rate it that, so I rounded it down.  It's not good enough to round up to 4.The gameplay is simple enough, make words to defeat monsters.  However, it can get tricky because you get the same letters throughout an entire dungeon.  So, if you fight a bunch of bad guys, you can run out of ideas.  If that happens, you'll probably die.To be honest, I probably wouldn't have paid money for this game.  But, it was free today and it looked decent, so I got it.  Maybe I'll like it better over time."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game worked perfectly on the Galaxy Nexus. Graphics were nice. So were the music and sound effects. I really enjoyed finding the hidden clues and solving the puzzles. Just enough of an eerie feeling to make it interesting, but not scary at all. What I really like about this game is that I don't have to sit and play it for hours. I was satisfied playing it in 10 minute increments in between doing other things. If I had played it non-stop it probably would have taken an hour or so to complete. I do like that it didn't drag on forever, although I would have liked another level or something. The ending was underwhelming, but the journey was enjoyable enough to convince me to buy The Lost City, the latest game from this developer. I hope they make more of these types of games. Even though they're short, they're well-worth the low price, so much went into making them look beautiful, sound moody, and play without hiccups."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was excited to try this game when I saw that it was a tower defense game but, this was a sad disappointment. Even with directions, the game play didn't any make sense.Only one tower can fire one shot. Then that tower is useless. All the while 20 balls fly by it.. I couldnt win one game to save my life...And, that was the EASY mode!The really sad part about this game?  Prior to it being Amazons FAOTD, they were actually charging people $2.99 for this!If I could rate zero stars,  I would...."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have disocciative episodes from brain trauma, , which means I otnen forget where I am and how to get &quot;unlost.&quot; I have a service dog now, but many don&apos;t have that ability or luxury. To the doubters of the usefulness of a reliable, simple to use version of this type of app: I&apos;d like to take you to an unfamiliar box box store, blindfold you, spin you until you are dizzy, then leave you in a random back corner. Your choice, the free version a seventeen year old kid did while waiting for levels of Call of Duty to load, or one that costs a few bucks from a professional developer."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I first downloaded this app on my blackberry, and I have read about 15-20 books from it. It's great, most people take their phone everywhere with them, so if you have a couple of minutes of down time at the doctors office, or waiting for your car to be serviced, this is an awesome app to have. I just downloaded it on my 7\" tablet, and it's even better than before, now with the larger screen size, it's no different than reading a paperback novel that you would buy in the stores now-a-days. You can get quite a few books from the Kindle Book store for the same price as 1 book retail in the stores. They have tons of free books, and alot more pretty cheap."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Just downloaded and installed. I was amazed at how fast this app installed, I expected it to take longer because of the incredibly detailed images. All views are gorgeous on the Kindle Fire. Took me a couple of seconds to figure out how to get back to the view I wanted, but now that I have it figured out, I'm having no problems navigating around the app. Well worth the price. The only thing that doesn't seem to work on the Kindle Fire is the \"keep Earth stable as device is rotated.\" Although it could be that I don't understand that feature."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I picked this one up for my kids to learn touch gestures on the XOOM tablet.  Both my 3 year old and 5 year old enjoy it.  It has a few different game modes (find the biggest/smallest, drag to complete a puzzle, place stickers, find all objects of the same color, counting, and a small memory-type game).I haven't had any technical issues with it on my Thunderbolt or XOOM.  Hopefully a future update will bring a broader set of objects and games (I'm worried that the kids will tire of the small set of images and sounds)."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "So this app doesn't really replace having a real police scanner, but its definitely entertaining to listen to. I like the GPS settings that find the broadcasts around you, and the alert function is kinda cool, if a set amount of people tune into a police band it will alert you, theory is if 100 people are listening at once something exciting is probably going on.  The feeds this app use are actually available to listen to for free online, but it is a cool user interface for your smart phone."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Great app for anyone who like to listen to the radio,internet radio streams and podcasts.The controls are really simple and it has a feature that gives you other stations like the one you are listening do.Uses very little battery power so it is something you can use for many hours at a time.If you pay for XM/Sirius and can live without a couple of so called \"radio stars\" you will drop you service as soon as you get this.Hook up a blue tooth to your car or FM tramsmiter though your headphone jack and listen to this in your car.Alot of stations to choose from, quite awesome as everyone says.Some stations do have low bit rate but that is the stations decision not tuneins."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app unleashes the previously undocumented hardware in every Android device to communicate with the dead. This came in practical use I was able to find the ghost of my dead uncle and he directed me to where he buried his money- it would have been lost forever- or worse found by staff of the camp for disadvantaged children on who's land it was hidden.I also use this app to make sure the bathroom is clear before I take a shower or \"do my business.\" I really don't want ghosts of dead relatives watching me in there. It's kind on creepy when you think about it- now, no more worries!I might buy a 2nd phone just to keep this app on all the time."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Maybe its this generation but its so much easier to go to the app then find a real dictionary. Not to mention this goes with you anywhere without adding 5lbs. Love the thesaurus also, comes in handy since I do a lot of puzzles. Even as an adult you are always comming across new words so having it speak the word is a nice feature. And granted I don't look at the word of the day every day I think its another great feature. Before my son uses the free time on the kindle I am going to have him to an exercise using this app and the word of the day before he plays any games."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I'm unsure what I'm rating here... I buy all of my tunes from Amazon, the prices are usually fair, there's no DRM telling me what I can and cannot play it on or how many times I can listen to it before it disappears (iTunes and Wally World, for instance). I've also noticed that I can buy explicit (uncensored) music at Amazon, I absolutely HATE listening to a tune where they've chopped and butchered it to make it &#34;clean&#34;!!! Not much &#34;storage&#34; space for things purchased in the past, so I store it on Google..."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this app on my Kindle fire HD. Has nice graphics. Easy way to learn the game. After about 3 months and starting to play with a real board and real players, some problems become evident .  To increase levels of difficulty the computer just rolls statistically impossible rolls. Every time it rolls what it needs to hit an unguarded pip. Every time. And it's  strategy becomes very evident. I can predict every move from each roll.  A friend who has this app has also noticed these issues. After playing the real thing  this gets frustrating. And disappointing.  Still, it was a good way to learn and practice strategy."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was a skeptic like most at first about this app.  Its nice and all for jokes to the gullable.  Just seemed to get some things right with the words it spoke.1st incident:  Was in the bathroom stinking up the place (#2) and then the app said, &quot;sell, memory, row&quot;.  I laughed at it and kept going.  When flushing, the toilet clogged up and I had a minor flood in the bathroom.  Its nothing large enough to &quot;row&quot; in, but I thought I would &quot;sell&quot; yall my &quot;memory&quot;....hahahaha.2nd incident:  Was in my room when it said &quot;useful, cutting&quot;.  So, I decided to investigate the house to see whats up.  Weird thing I found, my mother was clipping coupons.  Spooky right?5 stars for giving me something else to do and for being a spooky word generator.  As far as the radar, could be better."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Once upon a time... I was searching for a budgeting app &amp; came across MoneyPro. Lots of good reviews, tons of features, but it had too many features &amp; I couldn't figure it all out. Disappointing, I paid $7 for it! Searched again &amp; decided to try a free app this time-Toshl. Really cute, got the job done, but not enough features! Searched again &amp; there it was EasyMoney! Has lots of features &amp; its easy to understand utilize + I got it when it was free! I love it, got rid of the other apps &amp; can now live happily ever after...that is, as soon as I find a publisher for this novel sized review!Thanks for reading:)"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have a real game called \"Rush Hour.\"  This is very similar to that game.  This is a logic game where you are trying to move the red car to the exit.  Sounds easy, right?  It is not, but that is the fun part.  You must try to move the other cars so the red car can move.  It is fun and challenging.  My sons (7 y.o.) love this game and I think it is great for them to play a fun, thinking game.  I would recommend this game to anyone looking for thinking game.I have seen other reviews about privacy issues and I do not know about that."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Long ago, we cut off the too-expensive pay for too many channels you'll never watch cable. We only get over the air channels now. It's rather quaint...there's a small selection of channels, but I typically find something on when I want to watch. It's like when we were kids....good sitcoms in evenings, family stuff in afternoons, kids stuff after school and cartoons on Saturdays, and garbage during the daytime except on one channel which runs stuff like Mr. Ed, I Dream of Jeannie, and McHale's Navy....real fun shows! This app helps us to see what's on. It's easy to browse since we don't have many stations. I set some timers for tomorrow to see how those work. I don't mind the ads as long as they don't flash ...developers need to get  paid for their service. More categories would be nice...Westerns please!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this app after looking at other people's reviews. I am a total believer when it comes to spirits. According to the radar, I had like 6 ghosts in my house. They started saying stuff that didn't make sense. But seeing those words and looking at the radar scared the s*** out of me. Because I'm a believer, this scared me so badly, I'm afraid to use it again. The only reason I want to use it still is so I can maybe communicate with my dad. Only 4 stars because it's so freaky."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is really nice! :)) Me and.my family were in the living room...my dad.on his laptop, my sister playing around and watching the movie at the same time, my mom watching the movie too, while me... I was searching for apps as usual. it was 5:50 so it was kinda dark outside and the lights were off inside in our living room si ot looks nicer watching. I just got this app and when I opened ot one word came up and said darkness! :))) A must-have!! :))))"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "5 year old grandaughter who will start kindergarten liked this app for several days and it kept her busy for part of a long aiplane flight. It was a bit on the easy side for her and she has since gone on to other apps.There are other reviews that tell exactly what this app does.  It can be a nice fun learning opportunity for a child.Grandaughter does like earning the stickers!UPDATE:  2 year old triplets first time on my phone. Not everything was mastered the first time, but they loved this app!!Update:  After using this probably twice a week for 6 weeks or so, the triplets have totally mastered this.  While they still enjoy it for a short time, they are moving on to other apps.  Would love suggestions for suitable apps to try."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This is the best wifi detector i have seen.  It gives you a very good picture of the signals around you.  You can place your wifi on the channel that is used the least to avoid interference.  Just walking around the room with this thing is pretty interesting.  Driving down the road with it is even more fun.  I'm not sure how the other functions are used but the spectrum display is all anyone would need.  The screen gets really crowded in town.  The only improvement I could see would be to have the option to highlight the open systems so that you can pick them out of the crowd."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I don't really believe in ghosts but after this app I might. So first we had a power outage and it ended up saying &quot;solar&quot; then &quot;mistake&quot;. Also it said &quot;Christmas&quot; and I know that Christmas is coming up. Plus I was in a room at night with my friends and it said &quot;visitor&quot; so we got scared and went into the kitchen and my friend was messing around with a bucket then it said &quot;bucket&quot; which also creeper me out but I think it's worth it and pretty fun but at night it can definitely give you a scare."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was a big fan of their other game, Radiant HD, so I was expecting another great one here. Although this isn't my typical genre of game, the premise is promising. Unfortunately, the game is ruined by a tiny control pad in order to navigate around. Yes, you can move the joystick location by holding down it down, but my issue is with the size of it. It is simply just too small, so you're constantly pressing on the wrong direction or area. Fix this minor problem and this game would get five stars from me!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "works well, easy set up if you already have a blog, tap the bottom center, 3 lines in a boxadd a blogpreferences: comment notify, update interval,  play a sound, vibrate, blink,post a signature, tag line to new postscan add a new post, new page, quick photo/video, display pages, view comments[ edit, reply, spam, approve, trashsettings, account details,, media,[ set default  image size, upload/link to full or scaled imagelocation, geotagging the post,reader option, this is where you will find the blogs your are following,stats, tracks the viewswould give it a 5 star, missing the logout. option, can not figure out how to logout."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I got this for the free app of the day since it had Shoutcast capabillities. It's smooth, awesome and works well. I recommend it. There are free radio apps that are good, too, but this one seems to run more smoothly and you actually get Shoutcast stations, which are hard to find free like this on Android. Not that this is free now.I like how the search feature searches songs that the stations are playing instead of the station name, but it would be nice if I could search the station name, too."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Pretty much what it says on the box. An array of pumpkins &amp; bats appear on your home screens to be tapped and destroyed. If this sort of thing takes your fancy, by all means, download it free while you you have the chance. Otherwise, it isn't worth the normal asking price.It can be used either as a mini-game or live wallpaper. There are plenty of options for visual customization, but not a whole lot of gameplay, unless you create your own challenges like trying to keep the screen completely clear of targets or seeing how long it takes to get 1,000 points.To summarize, check it out if it looks good, play with it for 10 minutes, then uninstall &amp; go enjoy your Hallowe'en."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "For what it's worth, this is a pretty awesome radio app. There are over 50,000 radio stations of multiple genres to surf through, and I think that number will only grow. I actually hope it does, for likeTuneIn Radio Prothere are a lot of local stations that I do not have access to, so for the momentiHeartRadiois the only one that I can listen to all local, and even some elsewhere that is ineligible for me onXiiaLive Proor TuneIn.The interface is a breeze to get through and to get used to. You can search songs, you can favorite songs; you can even tag songs, which is something that I haven't seen before. Overall, the app alone is pretty good. I just hope it gets improved by making more stations readily available."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I really love this app. I purchased a polaroid android tablet . There was no reader installed. There were so many to choose from, I didn't have a clue where to start. Now, I'm no geek, so it had to be easy. I figured I'd try the android Kindle because it came standard in so many e-readers it would likely be easy to figure out. Turns out--I was right. I love it. It's so easy to operate my kids can do it. Even I can do it. Bookmark my page and pick up where I left off with no hassle. Now I can use my tablet for what I bought it for--a portable library. It's so easy to go to amazon, find my book, download it and read. The selection is great, and the prices are way better than say-- driving to a big bookseller to search for and buy a paper ( save the trees) book."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "unfortunately this is one of those games that was &quot;good&quot; on blackberrys because the java based crapOS ment this.game was top of the line. coming to android will be a.different story, but the game it self was fun when I played it on the storm. The closest thing I can compare it too is Bloon TD 1or2. luckly 4 is on one or more android stores. Would recomend spending 1$ on that over this anyday. To all BB devs... either step up your game or go down with the dieing BB ship."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is really good. I love it but the only downside is that when you play single player your playing with the computer and the computer gives you words that you don't even know. Like krill like seriously 5 years old play this there not going to know what that is. And the computer  is hard to beat it like wins every time. I highly recommend this game to people who love hangman and want their kids to enjoy. But if you let your child use this game don't let them play single it's t ok hard. Play with them and go easy on them their little. Really get thus game it's so fun!!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "NO Password Protection - One Click Always ON!! I email Amazon and they replied \"at this time, the password feature is not available on Kindle app for Android\". That is a terrible way to do business. It is very shady to try to get people to constantly buy things buy accident. They demand card information and then offer no protection once the app is on you phone or tablet. Anyone (including my children just trying to read their chapter book for school) could buy books accidentally. What a shady business strategy! I am VERY disappointed in you Amazon. I expected better from you. This is shameful exploitation of loyal customers."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I liked this game a lot. I had to do a web search for hints a couple of times. I guess I just didn't have the patience to actually figure it out on my own. This was one of the first games I got in this genre, and I really enjoyed it. It was over pretty quickly. Felt like it could have had a bit more added to it, because felt short. I didn't feel ripped off or anything, just wished it had been longer. Fire Maple does a good job! Since finishing this game I have bought other games they have come out with and enjoyed them even more! Just buy it already, it's good."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I was very pleased with this app. I have an Internet radio and it occurred to me that there should be an app for Internet radio and I found this one and gave it a shot. I was especially pleased to find the police and fire radios on it. That's a nice bonus if you hear sirens and wonder what's going on. In a matter of seconds I can have the local emergency radio channels on and be listening to what's going on. It's been a very good little app for me. I like it a lot."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This app is amazing and FREE!! I could listen to this all night long. It picks up my local police station and you can't believe some of the stuff that goes on around town. The best time to listen to it is on weekends or holidays. It is very entertaining. Sometimes you just can't stop listening. Very addicting. There are complaints about it running down battery quickly, but I use this app on my kindle fire and it doesn't seem to use any more battery than any other open app. The other nice thing is that you can run this program in the background and still play other games or surf the Internet. I strongly urge you to give this app a try!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "It's an all right radio player, and there are several out there to try. I tried several radio stations and all of them came in clearly, no problem. I do wish the controls were a little more intuitive, especially when looking for a station. I had to really dig just to find Top 40, which is what I listen to most... as do most people. Also, I wish I could search by location as I'd rather listen to something local or from a specific country. No major complaints, but nothing about this blew me away either. If you are looking for Internet radio, try the trial first before dropping upwards of five dollars on this."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "This game is an almost perfect preschooler game. The screens are high definition, colorful and the animation is well done. The point of the game is to complete a set of three challenges in order to be rewarded with the child's choice of a sticker. Then repeat. The challenges range from counting to matching colors or fruits to a simple puzzle to memory games. They rotate randomly. All the while a cute little monkey dances on the screen when your child is successful.It is easy enough for my 2yr old and captivating enough for my 5yr old. It works well on all my devices from Thunderbolt to Galaxy Tab to Bionic.Well worth the cost."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "I have a kindle fire and it doesn't haves microphone.... it took forever to get &quot;duck&quot; from it and like a minute later my lil bro came in and threw a toy at me. couinsidence... my point is that a kindle.fire doesn't have a microphone and if it doesn't have that it cant pick up anything from a &quot;ghost&quot; I also live in an apartment.... Haha FAKE DONT BUY IT RIP OFF EVEN THOUGH ITS TOTALLY FREE ITS JUST GONNA TAKE YOUR APP SPACE UP DONT GET IT!!!!"}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Music was good though repetitive.  Scoring seemed off in that a single move would sometimes count as more than one.  There really needs to be a reset button you do not have to dig through menus to find.  Also the reset button does not work right if you have finished the level.  It puts all the bricks back but does not return the red brick.  Finally the controls seem to be off because when I drag a block all the way across the field, i find i have run out of screen before I get the block half way across which means more moves since i have to lift my finger."}
{"label": 1, "raw": "Having played a backgammon game on my wife's iPad (and beating it like a rented mule), I was a bit wary of trying one on the Kindle. This one, however, was quite excellent.The different levels of play enable a person to improve their game. The usage of the doubling cube by the AI is quite good (it does know when it has the advantage and also realizes when it is beaten). The graphics are pleasant and the ease of usage is very good.If you're looking for a good quality backgammon game - and not something that you can beat easily - this one's for you."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I originally purchased this to use in conjunction with myEquus 3721 Battery and Charging System Monitorbecause I wanted to get an accurate reading of my car battery's voltage. Using that device plugged directly in the the lighter port was not accurate because my car's electrical system is all powered up along with the lighter port.I also use this adapter now when using my car vac (with engine running) as well. It can also be used with powerful air compressors that would normally blow the lighter fuse in your car as this enables you to plug those directly to the battery, bypassing the car's fuses."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Recently I had a steel garage door installed. Opening and closing the door was a noisy event. I called the installer and was told that the hinges needed to go through a break-in stage and to reduce the noise a 20 weight oil was recommended. I applied a dab of Royal Purple Synthetic Engine Motor Oil 20W50 on each hinge and the results far exceeded my expectations. The door opening and closing was the quietest it has ever been including when the old door was still in use. This is an excellent lubricant."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I am working on my own truck and am not a mechanic.  I have not used the pump on the truck, yet, but just tested the pump for functions and leaks.This pump has 2 functions: vacuum and pressure, which are selected with a knob on the side.  The pressure release valve has a large handle, but this makes it easy to accidentally release the pressure.  The gauge swivels, so the gauge must be fitted with an o ring.  It comes with a nice case and all the little parts has their own places.For both vacuum and pressure, nothing leaked for at least 20 minutes.For about $72.00, Mityvac beats the Lisle vacuum pump (single function and came with broken pressure release valve) handily.Even though it will be extra expense, I plan to look for a bigger container for draining brake fluid.  I bought a rubber cork stopper to see if I can make my own air tight container."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought a used RV.  It was our first.  Got it home and was doing some cleaning and general maintenance on it when I found the anode rod out of the hot water heater.  Now I have never had to deal with this before so I think that the junk on there needs to come off so I put it in a bucket with vinegar.  My buddy who has been RVing for a few years starts to laugh at me.  I had cleaned it down to the little copper wire in the middle.  He said it should be large looking.  So I get on Amazon and look it up and sure enough here it is.  Live and learn.Bottom line:It fits our RV hot water heater and was a great price.  Check them about once a year and flush out your tank when you change it.  It keeps the tank from rusting."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have installed several hitches in the past and this is the first one that I have ordered that did not include a ball mount... This review would have been 5 stars if I didn't have to go out on my own and buy the ball mount as well. Didn't have it listed as included but I just bought a Curt mount for my Lexus GS350 which one was included... Lesson here is if you plan to install and use on the same day order a ball mount as well. Install was a total PITA!! The bolts holes used to mount the hitch itself were rusted to no end (2005 MDX) and the ONLY way for me to get the bolts in was to use one of the old ones that held up the tow hook you remove and using that as a thread cutter with WD-40... I also used an old round plastic brush and brushed the threads with lubricant as well!! Install took almost 5 hours due to this unforeseen problem."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Claying your car is a very important step nowadays.  There is so much pollution in the air and it sits on the paint surface and often gets ground into the paint.  My car was brand new, but it sat on the car lot front line, next to a major Highway and major feeder street, so it had quite a bit of particles on it.  You could not see it, but you could feel it.  I used the clay kit by Meguiar's to remove all of the particles before I waxed my car.  The surface, after claying, was absolutely smooth and the wax went on easily."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is perfect.  It comes with some small alligator clamps and also comes with wires that can be more permanently installed.  It charges and cycles the battery so it won't overcharge.  Cord lengths are long enough and the unit has a nice led system to tell you what it is doing.  This is exactly what I needed for my car which sometimes spends a few weeks in the garage without being used.  Tired of coming home from business trips to a dead battery that needs to be jumped (then replaced)."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This air gauge is dead on accurate, it seals completely, allows air to flow the way it should and the two headed chuck fit all cars, trucks and even those pesky hard to reach motorcycle valve stems. I own three motorcycles and there is nothing more aggravating than trying to fit a chuck in between rotors, fork tubes and tight spaces on a motorcycle. You know what I mean. This two headed angled chuck is angled perfectly to fit over a cycle stem without leaking or having to bend the valve stem. I love it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased 2 packs and I'm quite happy with these. I didn't measure the wire size but they are larger and heaver than a set I bought several years ago from another site.The clips are attracted to a magnet so I know they are not Aluminium and could probably be souldered if I wanted to (that's good).  I checked them with a Ohm meter and the connections were all good. The boot is soft and flexible. Well worth the price for those of us that are DIY's."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a 2008, Ford F150 FX2 Sport, Supercab. I had never done anything with sound, to any vehicle I had ever owned, that was so extensive. I am so glad I did. I absolutely love this stuff and will probably put it in any vehicle I own, whether I do a sound system or not. It just quiets things down. It gets a bit sticky at times but comes right off your fingers. Be careful with small pieces that you want to throw away, they may end up back on the bottom of your foot. It took me a solid weekend to do the front to the back and doors. If you have the time, do it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It's a good kit for beginners because it has everything you need to get started.  I used this on my six month old Honda.  Since it's still new, there wasn't oxidation or anything like that.  Just normal industrial fallout that left a non-smooth feel when stroking the surface with the back of your hand.  Well, after claying the surface it's like someone finally gave the surface a real bath - baby smooth now.  I also used this on the glass and same effect."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After arriving, it slipped onto our 2013 Highlander just fine, and tightened up and was able to be adjustable pretty well.  Still I decided to &#34;add&#34; an additional strap that mounted to the two front feet to help hold it tighter at those points just for my own concerns about possible moving at higher speeds on the interstate.  By adding the straps I did realize a more stable fit to the shape of our Highlander mirror.  I talked to another camper who was using the same model and he didn't find any need or desire to modify his set whatsoever, and like them just fine."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The product I just received from Amazon today is the more basic/generic ANCO wiper blade (31-series; same as available locally at walmart for less $). Don't buy this product expecting an AeroVantage blade, which is a premium model; you likely won't get it. I should have verified the ANCO part number before purchase. The cheap wiper blade is model 31-28, whereas an AeroVantage blade is 91-28. The listing title needs to be fixed.That said, I've used these cheaper ones in the past, and they're decent. Haven't had problems with them, and they've been at least as good as any other cheap wiper blade.Another odd note: I ordered several of these, and each came in its own shipping box. I don't know why they couldn't have been packed together, but they weren't."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If your RV has both the black tank and the gray tank valves emptying into one line then putting this valve in place doesn't work so well because if you try to empty just one tank they both will drain. For instance if your black tank valve is screwed up and you want to leave it open and just use the replacement valve instead of replacing the old one it will work but if you want to drain your gray tank without draining the black tank it won't work because both will drain at the same time. You won't be able to drain the gray tank without the back tank emptying to."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Simply the best protectant I've ever tried. No greasy feeling like armor all, no tacky feeling like Meguiar's. The scent is a pleasant &#34;fresh&#34; smell. Does a fairly good job of taking off scuffs and such. It doesn't seem to attract dust, so flat trim looks better longer.A little goes a long way. I find I use about a quarter as much of this as I do the other protectants when doing my interior. Given this, while it isn't cheap, it really ends up costing less over the long term."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought two sets / 4 total. I use them near the middle of the lifting range which puts the saddle about 18 to 19 inches high. This is perfect to get my truck off the ground and give me an inch or so of ground clearance to R&R; the tires and do other work underneath the vehicle.I don't need 6t worth of lift, but I like how these j/s have a wide lifting range. With these set for my range (as stated above), they are not teetering at the top of the range like others I've used in the past, but are comfortably in the middle. They are very stable and solid units.It would be helpful if the info stated the lifting range of the units, not just the tonnage they can support as a pair.Min. Lift Height (in.)14 29/32Max. Lift Height (in.)23 1/2"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Woo-hoo!  I love these things.  I put two on my 2004 trailer, and am really glad I did!  Really makes coming down stairs a whole lot more secure.  These are super simple to install, with just four screws total.  And, they fold in either direction when towing, meaning that if you've got an awning assembly near your door, you can fold these closed over the door(s)! And, they make your rig look like a movie star trailer (no fooling, someone said that to me)!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use this on My New 2013 KIA RIO and it pulls the Dirt off the Car after I thoroughly wash it. An Amazing product, works like a charm. The spray has a Cinnamon smell to it, its not bad but For people who don't like Cinnamon I feel sorry for you,k But I would use this None the Less.It pulls the contaminates off the car and yes you can hear it, it does help remove tar, bugs can be stubborn but do come off. Make sure you use plenty of spray and don't push hard, you need to glide across the paint."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It's intended for easy cutting the paint. A nice thing Meguiar's been doig is having the scale shown on the label. This is one of the lowest indexes available for paint cutting.For the amount it comes (16oz) it should last for about years to come using on a single car.I'll try it with my PorterCable to figure out if it was a good purchase and this will be updated. If the case, I'll buy from other brands like Wolfgang or Black Diamond (better rated but 2x the price). Anyways, wait for the update."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I found Permatex at Advance Auto and have been very pleased with it's performance.I used to use Devcon bulb grease for many years until I finished the tubeand could no longer find it locally.Besides the many great used for automobiles, this grease resolves problems with light bulbsin the house being hard to turn and or breaking off in sockets, and is perfect for oven light bulbs.It only takes a tiny bit each time, about 1/16\" bead of grease spread on the bulb threads.A tube (.33 oz) lasts a long time. If used for household only, probably several years!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this version over the plastic version because you can connect any type of air compressor to it. The adapter is the same kind as used in car and bicycle tires.I used it last weekend to clear the water lines of my travel trailer and it worked as advertized.I initially was going to just use a bicycle pump to push the water out, but I managed to borrow an air compressor at the last minute. I blew the lines for about 30 minutes and then pumped in some RV antifreeze as recommended by my trailer manufacturer.Even though you'll only use this adapter once a year, I would recommend this over the plastic version because it should last a lifetime."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have no doubt that this oil is good oil. I do however doubt that the 50-70% price increase above other high quality synthetic oils, is not worth it. I can purchase castrol edge with titanium, mobil 1 EP or Pennzoil Ultra from my local walmart for $26.00/5 qt. The cheapest you can find 5 qts of 5w30 RP is around $43.00, 65% more expensive. This might be worth it for a track car, but no way is it worth it in 99% of consumer cars."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This valve is exactly what I needed to make draining the hot water tank in my RV a breeze. Unfortunately, it arrived with a quality control problem - the T-handle was not properly crimped onto the valve shaft. The first time I tried to use the valve, the handle came right off in my hand. Rather than fool aroung with the nuisance of returning it, I reworked the crimp with a hammer & punch. I was able to make it secure enough that I can use the valve without the handle coming loose. Hopefully, it will not work loose & be lost due to vibrations on the road."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Purchased the battery tender to maintain a full, healthy charge on my vehicle and generator batteries. My vehicles and generator don't get used very often, so i'm really hoping this product extends the life and performance of my batteries. Since it has arrived, I've been very impressed with it's performance. This product is much smaller and safer than any other charger/tender I've yet to come across. Keep in mind that this is a trickle charger, charging only 1.25amps per hour, so it does take some time to properly charge a battery. As the instructions annotate, it will NOT charge a totally dead battery (for safety reasons). This is defined as a battery with 3V or less charge, per the manual. It goes on to explain that when this is the case, the battery is likely defective and needs to be tested/replaced. Overall, very happy with this purchase. Only thing that could've made me happier would be if it was made in America."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I started out with the \"kit\" (cleaner & oil) for my K&N.  It just seems that the oil lasted longer than the cleaner, especially if your filters get really dirty and you have to clean a second time.  The 32 oz. may cost as much as the kit, but it also has 4x the amount of cleaner in the spay bottle.  The larger spray bottle has a larger dispersal sprayer than the one in the kit, so it takes less time to spray down your filter."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After reading the reviews, I decided to give this a shot.  It's easy to apply and remove and smells a lot better than the Carnauba wax by mother, but it did not provide the same glossy \"wet\" look.  I prefer the Ca Gold Carnauba wax over this one.I have about 4 bottles of Wax and I always seem to go back to the Carnauba wax.  The other 3 are just collecting dust.Read my reviews and see pics of my review below.Mothers 05750 California Gold Pure Brazilian Carnauba Wax Liquid - 16 oz (Ultimate Wax System, Step 3)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "this product is good but not outstanding as Barry Meguiar says not last as long as he says I've used both summer and winter and in 6 weeks lost many of its properties. in the real world, not in the world of Barry Meguiar you have to wax the car every month if you want to protect your car. is not true that regardless of price waxes last for many months.since you apply the wax starts to degrade the environment, sun. uv, rain, dust. when you wash you remove the wax inevitably part because dust and pollution and the polluters and stick to the wax and when you remove these contaminants also remove the wax."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this to clean the brake dust that accumulates quickly on my wheels and takes forever to clean the old fashioned way with a spray cleaner and towels. I have BBS style wheels with about 16 splines and a ton of small hard to reach crevices. They take me about 45 minutes to clean by hand. With this wand cleaner, I can do them in about 10-15 minutes. It is very soft and well covered so the hard plastic rod doesn't poke through and scratch the wheel. I keep a towel handy to wipe the brake dust off the wand after each wheel since it builds up quickly. With a little care, I got it into all the small hard-to-reach crevices and cleaned them. I am very pleased with the product and it saves me a ton of time. The wheels still need a full cleaning once in awhile, but this does the trick most of the time."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have ordered two of these chargers for maintaining my batteries on my ATV and Riding Mower in the winter months last year and they have done great. I have three more on order right now for more coverage on new Tractor, another ATV and anotherriding mower as well. I also have two maintaining chargers mounted on my boat that are Schumacher brands that have never failed me in the last three years of storing my boat.I also have one Schumacher  Quick Charger for jumping and starting dead batteries. I have never been disappointed with any of the Schumacher chargers at all. My late Father used to use only this brand, and that is why I continue using the Schumacher brand!How can you go wrong with Quality products!!All of my chargers have been ordered from Amazon.com where most of everything I oder comes from. Great service and products all around."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "We bought three of these LifeHammer \"Emergency Hammers\" after watching the \"Mythbusters\" episodes on escaping from a sinking car. We live in the mountains with a lot winding roads, often with water at the bottom, and these Hammers seem like a worthwhile and prudent precaution. Here are my observations:+ Colorful; bright orange makes it easy to see+ Very Pointy; both hammer ends are very pointy and I don't doubt at all that they could break a car side window+ Sharp Seatbelt Cutter; well protected so you can't get your fingers in it, tested with a ribbon and it cut easily+ Plastic Holder; works surprisingly well to cover the pointy bits and is east to remove quicklyAs my title says, it is better to have and not need than to need and not have.Highly Recommended! Here is the two pack we also boughtLife Hammer Original Emergency Hammer, Orange, 2-PackCFH"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used for 1 day and and it destroyed itself with a pine needle.  Now I get streaks where the pine needle, or any other item I assume, has been dragged. So unless you are meticulous and clean your blades before you use them everyday and or get out of your car and clean them immediately anytime any item may fall onto your window, do not buy these.  Unless you do not mind streaks.  The damage is permanent, not only when the item is still on the window."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this tire gauge becuase I wanted a digital display gauge that provides1 psi resolution. While the Accutire MS-4021B generally does the job, there are twoannoying features that should be changed :1. Batteries cannot be replaced by the user2. On some valve stems, the Accutire MS-4021B does not make a seal to get an accurate readingRef. #1 : you have to send the gage in to the manufacturer who will replace the batteries free of charge. However, their turnaround time is more than two weeks, and I had to call their service department both times I had batteries replaced to get a replacement tire gauge.Furthermore, the batteries do not last more than a year or so, but I use tha gauge on a weekly basis for all my vehiclesRef. #2 : this appears to be due to the chuck design, i.e. the contact pin does notprotrude far enough to allow a positive seal on some valve stemsI am still searching for a digital tire gauge that allows the user to replace the batteries"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It is a little too early to tell, but this oil really smoothed out my Honda CR-V when idling.  I am not sure if it was because it was really in need of an oil change (any oil), our the synthetic nature of Royal Purple; I dont drive the CR-V as much, so I cant tell. I also used it in my Odyssey (what I normally drive) and I the engine is super quiet and purring like a kitten.  I get that there is a lot of marketing and hype with products, but this really seemed to improve the cars' performance."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've been using diluted (10 to 1) Simple Green to clean the interior of my cars for many years. It works on nearly any surface except glass.  It's also cheap and smells pleasant (at least to my unrefined sniffer).  I decided to buy this Meguiars interior detailed just to compare it with Simple Green.  I love Meguiars Gold class exterior spray detailed - the stuff is just amazing.  I also use Meguiars cleaner wax on my cars.There is absolutely nothing wrong with this product.  It does exactly what it says it should do.  I give it 4 stars for function and quality.  My gripe is that is doesn't really work any better than something 1/5 it's price.  I'll probably stick with Simple Green and skip buying this again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I own the Original California Car Duster and it works very well.  It is great for touch up cleaning in between car washes.  It is true what they say about the more you use it the better it cleans.  If you use it a lot it will start to turn black but it will start cleaning better than ever.  It is great to wipe light dirt and dust off your car and makes it look like you just waxed your car.  If you take care of it then it should last for many years."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The tender works marginally well and after a few years the grounding prong pulled loose of the plug. I cut the unit's plug off and replaced it. This unit keeps the battery charged but I've noticed my voltmeter reads just over 13 volts every morning so it seems to me that this unit is keeping the battery barely charged instead of fully charged. I recently bought a Solar ProLogix 12 amp battery charger that seems much better built and keeps the battery more fully charged. If the ProLogix literature is to be believed, it is a much more sophisticated unit than the battery tender while the cost is just a few bucks more."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is one of my favorite Meguiar's products. I use it on the dashboards and external plastic and vinyl trim. Just give the bottle a good shake, spray on a little and wipe the surface to a brilliant, clean shine. Even after washing the car, when I use the Meruiar's Natural Shine the cleaning power of the product is evident by looking at the blackened cloth used to apply it.Here's a product that works so well, that it's a pleasure to use. I highly recommend Meguiar's Natural Shine Vinyl & Rubber Protectant."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was at our Good-Guys car show (with my show car) a few years ago and a (NAPA) dealer had this product for sale. They said try it and if you don't like it bring it right back and I'll give your money back. Well...I didn't and I have continued to use this for years since. This stuff is great and like others have stated really brings the new tire look without being too shiny. I used it on all the plastic and rubber parts to bring new life look back and also the colored plastic panels can bring the color back. None of it is permanent and tires need to be re done every other wash or so. I use the 'Eagle One Tire Swipe' applicator to apply the product or wipe it around for an even appearance. I have even used it sparingly on my Azek deck and keeps it looking sharp (but if too much can get slippery). Great product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I find it a bit humorous that reviewers keep saying &#34;it doesn't absorb water&#34;.. then they state later on that they have to ring all of the water out all of the time. Are they ringing out &#34;air&#34; ? Of course is absorbs the water. It is just not good at drying the car for the final wipe. I use a towel after using this. That's worked well for many years. I tried a &#34;waffle towel&#34; and it was worse than the absorber. I tried a special auto towel, but that did not work as well either. I think that the absorber used with a towel is probably the best combo to use. I suppose you can turn on the leaf blower, but if you get any dirt in there you may do a number on your paint."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The Wrangler spare is held on by three lug nuts, the other holes are covered from the inside by the mount so you can't get this cable thru any of them.  The only way is to drill a hole thru one of the other two holes and thru the mount.  This takes the simplicity out of using this cable lock, obviously.  But if you're willing to do this, it just takes a few extra minutes and then the lock works great on it.  I'll probably also add a locking lug nut to mine for added theft deterrence.  A cable lock isn't foolproof but it gives you another level and at this price why not?"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Works well as a way to adapt our car's 7 blade trailer hookup to also work on our 4 wire bicycle trailer. The LEDs are particularly appreciated, as a way of ensuring proper functioning of trailer lighting to at least that point. The rubber cover for the 4 contacts is also much appreciated.Our lawn mower once ran over this, damaging it enough that we bought another, though the original does still work - despite no longer being quite all there.My only other suggetion is that it's not always obvious in the dark which side goes up, though it does eventually only fit one way.Recommended!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "No place to store CD's - unless you unzip the portion you see with a map sticking out of it and put the cases in there.  I was replacing one with individual felt slots to store DVD's without the cases.  Can't do that here.The zippers open very easily though, and the mesh works great for a garage door opener.  I use the sunglasses spot for my gas card and gift cards.I like the adjustable straps since I have slightly larger than normal visors on my 2012 Nissan Juke and the one I was replacing was elastic straps that barely fit over it.  I kept waiting for them to snap and fall off.So as long as you only have a few things to get out of the way, this works alright."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a 2000 Mustang GT convertible that I keep garaged and drive on nice,sunny days. I had been using a cheap trickle charger from Harbor Freight. Recently I discovered the battery had died so I decided it was time for a &#34;real&#34; charger. The reviews were great so I decided to give it a try. It is a small but powerful unit. It took  my battery from stone dead  to a full charge within 24 hours and it automatically maintains a full charge. It uses LED lights to let you know the status of your battery. I wish it had a gauge instead of the lights but I still would highly recommend this to friends and family."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Tried it on my 2007 Aveo with no known problems. It detected zero codes. Hooked it up to my 2000 Sienna with a check light and it prompted a code(PO0135) to replace my oxygen sensor. Did that and rechecked it with no codes. You need a code reader instead of replacing every sensor! How do you erase the codes with the erase button? I tried with the erase button with no avail. I ended up just disconnecting the negative battery cable for five minutes. I replaced the battery cable and started the van up. Low and behold, No More Check Engine Light. This small entry level, pocket size code reader did the job. The OB-2 hook up for the van is under the dash near the steering wheel. Paid for itself with one code reading compared to having the shop do it. I'm glad that I bought this in the comfort of my home with Amazon instead of driving around in traffic."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have one Battery Tender Plus and love it, No problems with it. Works Great on the quads and motorcycle, Also put it on my electric start generator. I make a habit of every month to swap it from one unit to the other for a couple of days.Till fully charged. All batteries keep at full charge. Also put it on my pick up and jeep when i don't drive them much.Also i charge the battery in the trailer. I guess i am to cheap to buy another. But this way i look at the batteries and check.The pick up and Jeep and trailer have big batteries and take a little longer to fully charge. Great unit.A must have and AMAZON has a great price."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I read with interest many of the other reviews.  It seems everyone but myself has heard of this brand.  I have been using car leather conditioner bought at the parts store on my truck seats, a couch, and two recliners.The car conditioner worked ok but was expensive and harder to apply.This just floats on with a small cloth.........I put in on rather heavy since my leather had not been treated for over 6 months.The difference was amazing.  My leather returned to it's new look and after a week I see no evidence of the smooth leather glow going away."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I mounted these behind the front grill whereas the original single horn was in the engine compartment.  It is an improvement on the sound level but not as much as I expected.  I did use the provided relay and ran 12 gauge wiring (original was somewhere between 14-16 gauge) that did not rely on the original horn wiring.The horns are well made and I expect them to last the life of the vehicle.  I only gave them 3 stars though because the sound is not the ear splitting &#34;wake up and pay attention to what you are doing&#34; volume that I was expecting.  So even though I will keep them I will probably be looking for something that is even louder."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This was the first oil change for my 2013 Elantra GT.  I had the i30 in Europe and this is the oil I used there.  The manual says 5W-30 or 20... but this has a wider range.I let the first 2500 miles to go on the original oil.  Just had the oil changed at the dealer and as always, this oil will never fails... you can feel the smooth engine sound and smoother engine grip.  I have a manual so revving the engine in gears i can clearly hear a difference.And by the way, this is the same oil that goes into my A4 for that past 5 years (5 oil changes).  just buy it and never look back."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "When researching what to do to make my car paint smooth as glass, I found this clay kit.  Works wonders, especially on weathered finishes.  Test your paint surface for roughness (everyone's has some) by putting your hand in a plastic baggie and wipe it over your car paint.  If it feels rough, which it should, then Meguiar's Clay Detailer is the cure!  Using the spray as a lubricant, the clay is rubbed along the paint surface removing bonded contaminants which cannot be removed by washing alone (tar, etc.).  I love it!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I gave these things a 2 star rating because we have 8 sets of them installed on our county patrol cars.  Not sure what the issue is but the bulbs are burning out at a pretty often rate.  I just had one officer tell me both his lights burnt out last night, 01/23.2014.  Maybe the 130 watt bulb is just getting too hot but we have lost about 8 to 10 bulbs within a years time.  Hope KC reads this and can do something about that issue.  Other than that, they are a great, powerful light that reaches out so you can see those darn deer ahead of you.  Be safe and maybe look for another type of light that will give you longer service life before you spend the money on these."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bought this to recharge my riding Lawn Mower battery. It has not been run during the winter as my grass is dormant. I tried to start it the other day and it just would not start. It sounded like the battery was getting weak. So I purchased this at a reasonable price and tried it. It charged the battery over night and now it starts just fine. Easy to use. You can leave it attached and after charging the battery, it will switch to the &#34;trickle&#34; mode, keeping the battery charge topped off."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I just bought this product after washing my new car for the first time.  I didn't take the time to dry it because I normally don't have issues with water spots but at my apartment my water is awful I guess.  Needless to say my car was destroyed with them.  Huge white nasty spots everywhere.  So I did some research and found this got good reviews so I gave it a shot and WOW.  It totally works on bad waterspots and brought them right out of the finish.  I was very impressed."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "got a similar item on amazon for about the same price - wasn't sure which would be better, and for the price it was worth getting 2 different ones to find out.seems to be very good quality - made in USA, heavy plastic, very dense wires for the post cleaning side, brass brush (not steel as pictured). as others mentioned, you have to be careful only turn the post tool clockwise since the wires are angled.the other item is much lighter plastic, steel brush (if little bits break off, and they will, they'll rust and so will where ever they got stuck into), not so dense wires on the post cleaning side. was not advertised as made in USA, but it's funny - its packaging says made in USA on the front, and then made in China on the back.both items will do the job, but this Lisle is definitely the much better quality at the same price."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bondo in a tube is exactly what you would expect. It's Bondo in a tube. My experience in the past is that it's a one time use product. If you sit it on the shelf after opening it and using it most likely by the time you need it again it'll be hard. I only needed for a couple spots on the car, one where a tree length fell on it, and this product is perfect. Goes on easily, dries hard and is easy to sand. Saves you money from having to buy a large tub.Highly recommended."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought a used car that has oxygen sensor issues... and replacing said sensor is a nightmare and extremely expensive (long story). If the oxygen sensor trips a code than many of the functions of my car stop working.  (What a nightmare and a sick feature as far as I'm concerned).  I bought this and mounted it permanently in my car and when I get the occasional sensor code I can handily reset the code and continue on my merry way.  Having all of the other information available is so convenient and the manual is user friendly.  I love this and want one for all of my vehicles."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product I'm finding does a nice job on my black leather Ford seats. This is my second bottle. A quick spritz on the seats and a couple on a white microfiber towel and i run over the seats quickly. The dirt appears to be on the towel when I am done and the seats shine nicely. It does not leave any grease feel which is important in a convertible in the summer when dust will stick if there is any type of residue like that left over. I use it once a week after a wash just to keep the appearance up. I'm going to try it on my leather couches inside the house instead of buying the kit that they sold me with the setup which dried out quickly. Meguiars goes on quick and comes off easy. Nice Product!They also sell products that separate these into two separate bottles. So far, I'm not changing. The car is a 2012 and does't need deep deep cleaning, which I imagine the other products are for leather that is older and needs more attention"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Didn't notice the backlit feature when buying it so that was an unexpected bonus, and a very useful one at that.  This gauge pushes onto the stem very easy and securely feeling. It's very easy to read. I compared it to an old digital gauge I still use, my long-time favorite because it's so easy and reliable, and this one had exactly the same results.  The only slight inconvenience is that the reading doesn't lock on so that could pull it off of the stem to see, you must read while it's still on.  And then due to the shape you have to be a little on the one side to read it.  Really minor inconveniences, it's still very easy to use and seems to be very accurate and consistent.  Will probably pick up one or two more for other cars."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This may be something that would be nice to have in your emergency pack, but it is small, toylike and not really functional as a \"flare\"  The light that is generated is bright in both the flash and continous shine mode, but the light is directional.  It projects basically in one direction as opposed to being a genuine flare style that projects in a 360 degree radius.  For a carry-around for emergency use it would provide some help, but I think there are better flameless flares on the market that would work better.  This is a lower cost item, so you may want to consider that when you make a comparison.  I give it three out of 5 stars but I can't recommend it to anyone who may consider this to be a complete emergency flare solution."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This and a specific German made variant of Castrol are the only oils I use in my VW, due to strict requirements listed by the manufacturer.Unfortunately, due to where I live, I often have a hard time finding oils that meet the VW 502 requirements locally.  The auto stores nearby price out six quarts of Mobil 1 for a few pennies cheaper, but it is always hit or miss as to whether they actually have any available or on order.Amazon delivers this rather fast.  Great for those months when it could be weeks before I could see the product locally."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Used it to hook-up our curt sway bar to our 25' trailer and this attachment made it easy!! We bought a Ball that detaches with a 2&#34; lift to attach it to. It lifted the trailer and we were able to attach the sway bar for less then 100 dollars (thats for the sway bar kit, the reese adaper peice and the new ball with lift) way less expensive then all those lifting kits that are 4-500 hundred dollars just starting out, granted many not be as good as a lift/equalizer kit but for someone on a tight budget it works!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "While I don't necessary condone drying cars with a towel (micro-marring, even with microfiber), this is an awesome one that should (for the most part) keep your car safe from any debris that might be left on there as you dry. Remember to blot not swipe! Wring out the towel often and visually and physically inspect for dirt and debris. I usually wash after a use and keep it in a sealed (clean) 5 gallon bucket so no dirt/debris gets in. You will inevitably have to wring this out a couple times while drying a car, but that can't be a negative? You want a towel twice the size go for it - but you'll be touching that to the ground or wheel or something else accidentally drawing up some dirt with it. The size and functionality of this is perfect, I highly recommend this product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Yes it is a water magnet;however like another reviewer said, it's so magnetic where it won't let the water go no matter however many times you wring it. Sure drops will come off, but the potency of drying will not be at 100% as if the towel was completely dry. I would recommend a chamois or an absorber, they seems to wring out water alot better as well as soak water up. Just figure out a technique. And victory will be yours. So the case of the drying water magnet, I'll give it a four since it does what it's title says. And a bit easier to use than the chamois. But you get what you pay for."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a great product, love using this....but why the huge price increase?? almost doubled?I use this product on my side windows as well, works as good as Rainex. It really make water bead really good.I really recommend this product when it was going for $5.99....currently double?? I can get it cheaper at the local stores.My last 2 orders for this product either arrived damaged (leaked all over the place) or undeliverable because it was damaged. Still waiting more than a few months for Amazon.com to address this. 2007 2008 2009 2010 i spent more than $4000 buying stuff on Amazon.com  2011....have yet to spend a penny at Amazon.com. All cuz Amazon did not want to address a $12 purchase."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The item was just as discribed. Genuine Leather, it does fit sung. My wheel is a PT Crusier GT. It is leather, but it's starting to show wear. So I bought this to try? It was a bit hard to put on. So I laid it in the Sun for awhile. It went on. But don't add anything to help it along. You don't want it to slip. My Steering Wheel is 15\", but it fits like it was made for it! My secret for keeping them looking HOT, is KIWI Black shoe polish, hand rubbed. SW"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I own my own detailing business and use this product exclusively for three purposes.  1. As a clay lubricant for paint contamination removal and 2. Putting the finishing touch on vehicles that are freshly painted and/or have had recent body work.  I love the fact that it's body shop safe, and 3. Prepping my polishing pads.  Otherwise, for anything else I use Meguiars synthetic spray detailer that wipes off even easier and has the added benefit of putting a protective \"film\" over the vehicle.  Another great product by Meguiars."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Well this thing is as easy as tying your shoes laces. Plug in two wires, let it sit there for a few seconds and BOOM, it works. I still have to wait to fill up so I can calibrate that portion but everything else is good to go. This thing tells you everything you want to know about your vehicle components and more. The X-gauge is an awesome addition to an already great product. You can go the their website and review how to program the X-guages that are compatible with your specific vehicle. Don't wait like I did. Order this NOW!!! As usual Amazon came through with the shipping. If you don't want take my word for it, just look at the 300+ people that purchased it before me. Now I know exactly what my actual and average gas mileage is for my truck."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "i bought it thinking it was shinier than the cheaper ones that come in a spray canister. i was wrong they are pretty much the same. and little annoying things like not properly labeling the nozzle to let you know if your spraying wide or narrow is a pain. you have to spray to know whether the on setting is narrow or wide. this is my first week using it and i gotta tell yah this thing doesn't look like its going to last, even gingerly spraying this on my tire is wasting the spray at an alarming rate. i don't know if its just my bottle that came a little cracked but whenever i spray somehow someway the liquid leaks through the openings and gets all over my hands.other than that, the seller is fast and the package came in good condition."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The Meguiar's buffer system takes a lot of getting used to because these pads are hook and loop attachment.  The hook and loop (Velcro) is not very strong, and it is glued to the foam.  This means 2 things...  the pads will fly off and have to be constantly re-centered and reattached while you're working.. and once they get hot the glue lets go and then you need a new pad.  This is very poor design for a buffer system that costs $150 for the tool and $0 per pad.  If you can get past those limitations, you will get a well buffed car."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I like this kit a lot!It comes with 2 bigs bars of clay, think double the size of the Meguiars kit.A bottle of detail spray and a average quality microfiber cloth.I used autowash soap/water as a lube for the clay, did a great job on my 7 yr old van, I only washed it in 7 yrs....the paint is now smooth as a baby's bum, waxed it....My kids were wondering why the van was sooo slippery smooth and shineyI saved the detail spray to keep my cars looking tip top after washes.Great price here at Amazon, will keep buying it here."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "First off, assembly was a breeze.  Had this shipped overnight for a weekend trip.  Amazon Prime membership has it's privileges.  It only cost a few extra dollars.  Still cheaper than any retail store on the planet.Secondly, when I tried to employ this, it was quickly apparent that 60\" wa'nt tall enough.  Since I used up all of my leveling blocks to level the 5th wheel, I couldn't use any to raise this up to be tall enough to support my king pin.If this would have had just a couple more inches... every man's dream!Guess I just have to get another stack of leveling blocks.  So 4 Stars for falling short.of my needs first time out."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I just used this pad to remove oxidation of a very large Rv. I used it with McGuires 3 part RV oxidation compound set for fiberglass. It took a med blemished oxidated gelcoat finish and turned it into a mirror finish smooth, no burns or scratches.Oxidation is totally off finish. Its a great pad. Well worth the cost and it really held up enough to do entire 28 ft rv. Good solid foam no junk. Make sure you clean pad as it builds up. I just hold a hand scrub brush on wheel and let in spin on pad. Pad is strong enough to stand up to some good pressure."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I got this Lexol Leather pH Cleaner Spray offline at a local auto parts store...and I am glad I did.I start cleaning my car and the first thing I notice is the citrus smell.  Suddenly half through cleaning the passenger front seat the sprayer broke.  At this point the white cleaning rag I was using was still white and given I had not cleaned the seats in months I just returned it.So I went online and after much research orderedGriot's Garage 11259 Leather Care Spray Kit.  Well, the Griot cleaner cleaned old grime of the leather seats I had cleaned with the Lexol cleaner a week earlier.I have used a variety of leather cleaners over the years and in my experience this one does absolutely nothing."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After having consistent problems with shops who say that they have done the work, only to find that my diff has not been serviced, I do my own work now.  It's not difficult on my vehicle, and I know it's being done right.  I've read up on different lubricants, and Royal Purple gets consistently high marks.I did a service recently and when I drained my diff after 15,000 miles, the Royal Purple looked like it did going in.  No breakdown, despite some pretty good use."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Easy to apply, easy to use. Moisten the surface to be cleaned lightly with a bit of water spray, then pour some Lexol cleaner on your hands. Don't worry, it's safe (as are most leather cleaning products. Remember, leather is basically skin). Rub it in everywhere, then use a soft brush to agitate the surface. Use a wet cloth to wipe the Lexol off. Bam! Clean as can be. You might be surprised how dirty your chair can get when you see the colour of the Lexol foam after scrubbing. Make sure you apply leather conditioner/oil after cleaning to maintain the leather itself. This product is only the cleaner side of things."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I love these in both sizes.  The small one fits saucers or bowls.  The larger one fits 9 inch paper plates.  So I got the for the travel trailer, liked them so much got 3 more for the house.  Installed under my kitchen cabinets.  Spray painted them, with Rustoleum for plastic.  They blend right in.  So convenient,kids of 8ish age can reach them, saves on washing dishes, and Amazon has some great buys on paper products when buy in bulk!  What more could you ask?I saw some comments on how easily they move and plates might fall...so I took a piece of tape, taped a small bit to itself for a handle, and taped it so it can't move til I want it to. Not because it did move, because others said it does.  Might not need that tape..."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "There is no swiveling between the cap, the tube and the bottle. In other words, when you screw/unscrew the cap onto the car's brake fluid container, there will be kinking on the tube itself. Untangling the kinks is a chore because the bottle is both quite big and heavy when it is filled with brake fluid. They should have designed with some quick-connect/disconnect like the compressor air hose. That would be an ideal solution, but I guess it will add to the cost for adding that feature. However, I doubt that it would cost much because I browsed through the air-hose connectors at Harbor Freight and they run typically a couple of bucks each. I might modify this bleeder with the air hose connector to address the problem."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I received one of these years ago as a gift to clean the spokes on my bike.  It worked great and lasted over a decade.  I also used it on the wheels of my cars.  It really makes quick work of the dirt you can't reach or would spend a lot of time trying to get to.  I just replaced that old one and the new one is identical; very good quality.  Be aware that the core of the brush is a heavy twisted wire that terminates in a loop at the very end of the brush.  Be careful that you don't scratch your wheels with this exposed wire loop.  I personally never had a problem with it but am careful, being aware of the potential for scratches.  If I was designing this I would have coated the end of the wire in rubber. (thus the 4-stars)  I definitely recommend this to those who really like their vehicles clean."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Used this on A  Brute force 750.  Extended the rear hitch out past the back bsket.  No need to crawl under and past the basket to get the hitch.  iIt is solid thru and thru.  It is not a hollow tube.  But a solid piece of piece of steel with the holes drilled in it, where the hitch mets the extender.  I have used this extender on my F250 and Dodge aslo to haul a 7000 lb. piece of equipment.  No problems whatsoever with it. Built tuff and made to take on a ram.  You won't be disappointed if you buy this and need the extra length of extension for your hitch on any vehicle."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This RTV is intended for primary use as engine gasket maker - temperature and oil resistant. But it also works well as general purpose RTV when the near-black (dark gray) color is desirable. Which was true for my application - making gaskets for mounting car speakers in odd sized door application that required custom spacers. Worked great.The dark color is especially troublesome to get off the hands - use disposable gloves during application.This package, a small &#34;squeeze&#34; tube is not easiest for application of a regular bead. It is easier to use the slightly larger, calk-gun sized package, so consider that if the larger quantity is also helpful."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "A good handy item to have. I have used it on my motorcycle, lawn motor, 2 scooters and have tender leads on all of these items plus my farm tractor. I also brought a couple of tender leads with the battery clamps, one in my motorcycle and the other is with my farm tractor in case I have a dead battery all I have to do is hook those leads to jumper cable and battery tender leads, am ready to start whatever the jumper cables are hook up to. Make sure that the jumper cable negative and positive are not touching each other"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've tried every blackening product out there, Black-Magic, Armor All, Meguiar's, and even my own concoction and none work as well as this. Not only that, it lasts about 3-4 weeks outside in the weather, which I find amazing.Also it seems like the more you use it, the better it looks and the longer it stays black. Plus it has a pleasant smell, which is always nice.The only complaint I have is that it is a bit runny, which can make applying it a bit hard, but it's still worth every cent.A must have for anyone with black trim/molding!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This dogbone lock is very nice and well buildt. It is perfect for use on any car or truck if you are going to remove it after each use. But it is not for use on a motorhome reciver, were it is going to be left on for some time.The problem is ! The protective rubber cap that covers the key entry, fits loosely. The cap will not stay on to protect the key entry slot. Any little bump in the road, and off it comes !  Dirt and water gets into the lock mechanism, the key will not go in and you will not get it off with out a cutting torch."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I ordered this to help make a better fit for the bike rack on the front of a Ford Expedition. I was specifically hunting for a fairly short extension because I wanted the bikes to stick out no further than necessary. The selection of holes in this extension allowed me to adjust the fit into the receiver, as well as the fit of the bike rack into the extension. This allowed me to fit the bikes about 2 inches closer to the vehicle than any other extension I was able to find. Very pleased with its performance."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "... there are other tools that work just as good, if not better, for half or even less then the price of this.Plain and simple this is a great roller, the rubber head doesn't cut or tear into the foil backing of the sound deadening mat and really helps you put good even pressure to hard to reach areas. That and it saves wear and tear on your hands.But like I said there are cheaper alternatives like a super cheap wallpaper seam roller (you can find some with a rubber or wooden roller) or my personal favoritea \"J\" roller. With the J roller you can use the roller or even the curved handle to apply pressure to the sound deadening mat. You can even use old roller skate/blade wheels.So to recap:Great toolSaves your hands from a ton of wear and tearWorks greatBUT other tools/items can be had that do the same thing for much less."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "man it's hard to come up with a title for this. and it's a mixed reviewIt works.  It's metal, strong, rust-resistance (it's not a grade of rust-proof stainless as there are already spots from road-salt), but given the narrow space where it fits, it's difficult to get the locking end on and off.  It's hard to get a good grip on it,  even with the knurling on the ends.  But the ends ARE small enough so there's no interference with other hardware.  The hitch on my truck is just wide enough outside that there's almost to end-play on the lock shaft which makes getting the end on even more difficult.  Takes some getting used to.  I don't think there's a better product out there though, which makes this worth the price."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Excellent product.  Does exactly as it's supposed to.  Just don't be a moron like I was and pay attention to the direction of the arrows and think about how the water will get sucked from the bottle.  I had mine connected backwards for about 30 minutes until I figured out why it was not sucking anything from the anti-freeze bottle.  Once I corrected my mistake, it worked like a charm.  Definitely a must-have for any rv'er especially one that lives in the north."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "$15 is cheap insurance for what could ammount to a well over $500 repair.  Campers aren't cheap and niether is maintenance on them when something goes wrong.  I think the \"ounce of prevention\" rule was written for RV and home owners.  Anode rods are designed to prevent harmful build-up in your hot water heater by causing the build-up to form on them.  Yes it works!  While your getting one for you camper, you might want to check the one in your house hot water heater (yes it has one too, and I bet it's in need of replacement as well.)  5 minutes and 15 bucks can save you hundreds down the road."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this for my 1996 Harley and found this to be the best battery tender. It works great and keeps my battery conditioned over a long Pennsylvania winter! When spring comes my bike's battery is ready to go. I have owned this product for about 2 years and it is great. It is so simple to use and has the connections necessary to use on different batteries. My uncle ended up buying this exact one for his tractor and trolling motor on his boat. He is also impressed by the quality!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Hitch extender is good for Kayak transport and allows me to secure slippery kayaks to bed, with minimal effort. There are rings on Tee, allow straps and Bunge Cords to effortlessly secure boats to bed.  After securing Kayaks in place with Rope and cords, this method of support and tiedown of ends of Kayaks just makes sense.  Good product, Well made and painted with good coating for corrosion resistance.  Stores easily or hangs from hooks on Garage wall, though it is somewhat weighty.  Yo lil' mamma will struggle to move it, but that's why you have one! Also mounts to support cab level or bed rack level loads like ladders. The ladies will like it's slender frame. You yakkers with hitches, should get you one!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "the 31 series and anco in general always work great for me. No squeaks, streaks, easy install and last a long time..I tried other brands and was let down.UPDATE- 11/13 this blade no longer works for an 05 acura TSX. its the correct length at 26 inches but it does not work. I have an 05 TSX and tried this blade today and the way the tip of blade is, it hits the wiper arm in a way that does not allow the wiper to lay fully flat on the windshield and top tip of blade is about an inch off the windshield.. I used this brand before but they changed the design at some point. It will not work, trust me. I ended up using a brand called rain eater and it works perfectly."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Effective and safe on leather surfaces.  I've tried this product on Honda, BMW and lexus interiors, this stuff cleans without discoloring or damaging surfaces.The best use for this that most people haven't realized is for cleaning leather steering wheels.  After several years you would be surprised the amount of buildup is on a steering wheel.  I had a steering wheel that I thought the leather had fallen apart.  I sprayed the \"damaged\" area with Zymol Leather Cleaner and let it sit for a minute.  I then went at it with a soft bristled toothbrush and wiped it dry with a microfiber towel.  Lo and behold, what I thought was damaged leather was actually dirt!  Caked on dirt.  After doing the entire wheel and treating with Zymol z509 leather conditioner, the steering wheel looked like new!My only disappointment is that 8oz is not very much.  I used 1/4 of the bottle just cleaning my steering wheel."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This stuff is good for cleaning and leaving a nice long lasting shine especially on dark vehicles ex: black, dark grey, red etc. Some reviews are correct is saying it doesn't hold suds, but you must understand that this product contains conditioners which will do that. Its best to use a bottle attached sprayer \"on hose\" with solution in it. This will make suds, suds, but want last as again it has conditioners in it. Product smells like hair shampoo, gold color doesn't make paint change in appearance either, some products after long use stays attached because of wax buildup can make your vehicle appear to look the color of stuff you are using. Good stuff, way better than Mothers. If it doesn't clean like you need then go get a bottle of blue dawn detergent."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have been using RP products for years.  You can debate oils for days and everyone has an opinion but for me I'm sold on the synerlink stuff they use in their products.  Check out all the youtube videos and you will see what I'm talking about.  I ran my 02 Mustang Cobra hard and never once had any issues with the motor.  I now run this in my Jeep JK because of the extreme cold starts we have here in minnesota.  Yes it costs a lot more to use RP products but from an investment standpoint it's cheaper then major repairs.  I've never rebuilt anything yet that I've ran royal purple in.  Honest."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is one good grease gun.  Yeah, it's easily twice to three times what you'd spend in a big box store for a grease gun but it's solid and heavy-weight.  It probably weighs twice the weight of the gun it replaces.  It's got an air pressure release valve to purge any trapped air.  The rubber hose is longer than most and that helps getting in those hard-to-reach places.  The tip snaps securely on the zerk fitting and the hose end fitting is adjustable to get a secure connection on the zerk valve.  And the one-handed operation of the squeeze handle is a delight to use.  I just finished using it to grease the spindles and wheels of my riding mower and it worked great.This has got to be the last grease gun you'll ever buy.  You'll thank yourself every time you use it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used these for a Lexus LS430 which uses a 16 and 24 inch blade. these fit well and I didnt realize they were same exact blades I bought previously. the last set lasted more than a year and the only negative is in the Hot Florida sun the rubber blades seemed to dry out and get slightly hard and on the way to getting brittle. These dont make any squeaks and clean water away from glass well even under torential Florida rain. I tried another set and they didnt fit this car, dont get the ones without the thin metal frame like these for this vehicle as the mounting area is too wide to fit wiper arms."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This tool surprised me.  It is made extremely well, I can't over-state this.  This will fit 99.9% of all oil filters, and there is no struggling with other types of tools/wrenches.  It has a spring mechanism where you simply put a ratchet on this and it self fits to any size filter.. and you twist.  Great grip,.. best wrench I've ever used and being universal mean you never need to swap out for another for any other vehicles/tractors, etc.  This replaces a dozen other tools."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Going from a diesel pusher back to a 5th wheel I was already getting grief as to how much more movement of the RV would be felt over that of the diesel pusher while raised up on the leveling system.Not being new to the 5th wheel movement and shaking when parked and people moving around inside I ordered this as I have used one in the past.  While a 5th wheel king pin stabilizer will not eliminate all of the movement it does greatly reduce the movement.It is easy to assemble, easy to use though a little on the heavy side.  But, then with weight comes strength I guess.  I have tried it out and am pleased with the improvements it has given.Amazon had the best price I could locate after an extensive internet shopping for price including shipping.  And of course there is that great customer service and return policy Amazon offers should you experience a problem.Over all I give it two thumbs up for performance and value."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I decided to try these out, and I'm glad I did! The black ones look really god in combination with the carbon fiber license plate frame I also got from Amazon -REAL 100% CARBON FIBER LICENSE PLATE FRAME TAG COVER FFSince most plates only use two screws, one set covers front and rear (If you are lucky enough to live where a front plate is required)The white ring mounts like a washer under your mounting screws, and the black cap just snaps over the top. Seems to hold well enough to not fall off, but they pull of easily if you have to get to your screws. Another reviewer mentioned that they trap water in and rusted his mounting hardware. That is good to know. I would suggest going with stainless steel mounting hardware just in case. (Which isn't a bad idea anyway)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Ok, finally have actually used this in the travel trailer.  It was a 3 day 3 night trip.  When time to empty the waste water, the smell was not nearly as bad as we were expecting(from watching youtube videos), and these porta- pak packets is why.  My sister uses a fluid deodorizer that breaks down waste and I use these.  She has tote that gallon sized thing each trip, mix it up with the correct water etc....  All you do with these is 'drop it in'.  No it doesn't add a citrus smell or cutesy smell, it just simply does what it's supposed to do.  As easy as the dishwasher gel packs....really like this product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This little compressor has far exceeded my expectations. I have had two plumbed to an air tank that ran air tools on my rig. They run forever and have never gave me a problem. The only thing I would suggest is to switch out the male hose adaptor. This will allow you to run a regular sized higher quality hose that can attach to regular air tools/hoses in a pinch. The one that comes with it is an odd ball size. Don't get me wrong...you can't run air tools directly from this compressor. But using two into a tank makes it possible. I would buy another one in a heart beat. A little noisy but what compressor isn't?! It pushed a decent amount of air for the money. You need one for your vehicle so just buy it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "no other product matches this.  none. and it lasts a long time.  Just as a test, I dropped a pea sized amount on top of my concrete driveway.  That area gets the daily water drips from the sprinkler and people walk on it too.  That little drop, smudged in with my fingers, stayed white for 9 months (much to my spouce's dismay).  On the car's paint, it think it permanantely does something different than regular waxes.  On lighter colors, the shine isn't much better than your typical waxes from the competing makes. However, on darker colors, the shine under the sunlight is simply striking.  Finally, it beads water nicely too.  the difference I found is that it beads water slowly but longer, eventually moving most of the water off the paint.  I'm sold."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is perhaps one of the best air chucks you can buy. True, it isn't cheap and you get what you pay for.Unfortunately though, it does not work 100% on the dualies on my motorhome, which is why I bought it. Turns out, I need the chuck version that has a straight inner tire chuck and angled outer tire chuck. This item has both angled inner and outer chucks.But I can buy a replacement chuck (which Amazon does not sell), or a combination chuck with 12&#34; hose (which Amazon does sell), so I can retrofit the chuck for my type dualie setup.I am giving it 5 stars because I simply ordered the wrong item, so I am not going to gig the product because of that. Amazon though could describe the products a bit better rather than making me go to the vendor's website and looking up the product number to see which one is what I need."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After reading several reviews on this product I have to agree with most comments in regards to the locking fuel cap being poorly made. The Cap fits fine for the application. However the key mechanism is flimsy at best. The quality of the plastic components are not what I remember a Stant Locking Fuel cap to be. They def cheapened out on their manufacturing process`s.I gave the Stant Locking Fuel cap a 3 star rating only bc it does fit and is doing what the intended use is for. I do feel that if someone wants to remove the cap by force, they absolutely can. I primarily purchased this product based on Stant`s reputation in the Auto market, but this one leaves myself a bit disappointed. This is being used as a deterrent to help prevent vandals from pouring anything foreign into the tank. It does operate correctly when following the unlocking/locking procedures."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a great product. I use it once per year to clean my fuel system on a 1990 Camry. Still have the original fuel injectors. Do NOT use too much. Follow the directions on the bottle. If you use too much, it will deteriorate plastic and rubber parts in the fuel line. It will also make your car run rough. When I first used this years ago, i made that mistake and called Chevron. The technician at Chevron stated emphatically that you should NOT use more than is recommended on the bottle. In this case,. more is NOT better. When used as directed, it will keep your fuel system clean and your car running great. You can reach Chevron Technical support at 1.800.582.3835"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this wheel chock to prevent my truck from slipping down an icy roadway during freezing weather at my mountain cabin.  I have to park on the road above my cabin during inclement weather because my driveway is too iced up to drive on.  This roadway has an incline and in the past,  my truck slid backwards on the ice after putting the truck in park and setting the parking brake.  I put this wheel chock behind the rear tire and it keeps my truck from sliding on the ice.  The nice thing about the strap on the wheel is the wheel chock usually freezes to the road during the night and I can pull it loose when I need to remove the chock.This chock is expensive, but worth the extra expense and I am going to order another one so both wheels are chocked"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bought this despite the poor reviews, figuring maybe since most of the reviews were older that they may have improved the towel since then.  Nope.  Quite possibly the worst towel I've ever used.  It basically just pushes the water around on my car and soaks up some of it, but doesn't really DRY the car.  It just smears it around until the water evaporates into the air.  My old beach towel worked 100x better.  And I thought Meguiar's was supposed to sell good quality products.  Live and learn, I guess."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These are thick and well-made, and provide smooth application of wax on your car.  On the down side--because they are so thick, they absorb a lot of wax that just ends up being washed out of the pad after use.  Also, I did soak the pad overnight because it was a little dirty after using it all over my car.  It still hasn't cleaned out all of the dirt and excess wax.  I'll see how it looks after washing it in my washing machine."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I drive an older SUV that has a lot of plastic on the outside. The plastic trim had lost it's color and looked sun damaged and pretty terrible. At first, \"back to black\" didn't sound like what I needed, since the plastic I needed to treat was grey, not black. But, I read about this stuff on another website, and it can be used for all sorts of plastics/vinyls etc., not just black color. Anyway, this stuff really works. My car is looking much better now. I did the first coat and it is looking very good. I'll follow up with another coat soon, and hopefully it will look even better!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These are good. Not necessarily better than other wheel chock. Honestly a wheel chock is a wheel chock. However, the cord makes all the difference. When you kick these up under the tires and then jack a car the chocks wedge up under there really tight. When the car comes down the chocks need some help to come out. Yank the cord and you're done. I also like having a bright color chock so I don't forget they are there. Don't buy black ones. They'll blend in with the tires you're likely to forget. These are very noticeable. The chock itself is on par with others, but the features (cord and color) are what make it stand out."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use it on every wash that I do.If your a car guy and keep your vehicles nice this is a great product.If your working on a vehicle that has been abused it may take you two or three times to get the wheels looking good.You may have to scrub the wheels by hand to clean off the real dirty areas, and possibly use tar and or bug remover to get them nice and clean.But once you do that, from there in all you need to do is wash the wheels down, spray the wheel cleaner on and let it sit for a few minutes and pressure wash it off. No need to hand wash.And the wheels look really nice."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Haven't used it yet because I'm still looking for the interface to hook on my buffer wheel...I bought something for that and I'm still back to &#34;square zero&#34;...you would think that in the marketing of this sort of product the seller would fill in the gaps on the other things you need to hook everything up. Not sure I can use it without buying a totally new buffer (which I really don't want to do, since I just bought one). If you already have a hook and loop wheel on your buffer, this product may be just fine."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This towel works great at drying off my car. I've tried several versions of chamois before and it just has never worked for me, I found that this towel it works best if the water is blown off or taken for a quick drive to allow some water to fly off. I typically use it after a drive thru car wash and the towels does a great job of soaking up whatever is left very quickly and without streaking. It can easily do 10 cars this way before it gets too soaked up. Now I've also used it after washing in my driveway and gotten the towel completely soaked. It worked fine too but did not wring out too well. I would say one towel for one car this way. I'll be ordering a second one soon."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Schumacher SEM-1562A 1.5 Amp Speed Charge MaintainerWell worth the price...does exactly what it is suppose to do.(Update) After using this charger less than 5 mos. to maintain my R.V., which is seldom driven, I have found that, because of the charger failing to cycle back to the charge mode properly, the battery that it was hooked to was stone dead. Now, I'll do some research to find out the annoying process of returning the charger for warranty.(Update) I have contacted the manufacturer, Schumacher, concerning the failure of this charger but after 3 weeks, have received no response and it doesn't look like I am going to. So, I guess I'll just take the loss of making a bad choice and trash it. BTW, I am using two Chicago Electric on Board chargers, one on my Jeep and the other on my Mercury Sable. Both are giving very good service and are less expensive than the Schumacher or the Battery Tender."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This oil is just right for the renewal of your filter and should be used instead of SAE 30 alone.  It adheres better and as packaged is much easier to apply than sticking it and the filter in a bag and mushing it around.  It also uses less oil and gives precise coverage.  Oil your filter and get better air flow and better particle removal at the same time.You might be able to keep uncle Phil away from when you are grilling if you waft a little bit of it his way on approach, too, but maybe you shouldn't do that."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The Tender Jr. does not come with a cigarette adapter so I cut this in half to make two. I purchased 2 lighter plugs for a buck each from China&#8230; with free shipping&#8230; and they are working fine. These aren&#8217;t an exact match with the Tender cables but they fit together OK and are easy to determine polarity with the wire colors. You can also just use this as an extension cord for your Tender. The description states a length of 12-inches&#8230; but it&#8217;s actually 14-inches tip-to-tip on the connectors. Nice item for the price and it&#8217;s made in Mexico."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bought a new weight distribution hitch that came equipped with a 2&#34; ball ... I needed a 2-5/16&#34; ball for my larger travel trailer but wanted one with the larger big beefy 1-1/4&#34; shank ... my WD hitch had a hole for that size and NO WAY would I go buy a 2-5/16&#34; ball with a smaller diameter shank and use a spacer in it!I want to best thickest built ball and shank and I could not find a ball this size with this larger shank here locally.Price was great and I love having a big bad boy ball and shank to pull the 5-6K load of my trailer."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've always been a fan of using the Absorber products for drying my cars. I really hated wringing it out over and over to remove the water from the product. I was amazed at the amount of water this thing sucked up. In drying my Honda Pilot, not once did I, or COULD I wring out any water. Very soft, and no issues with scratching.I was somewhat confused about which one I should buy, until I found this breakdown:Cobra Supreme - application of waxes, quick detailers and buffingCobra Miracle Towel - wax and polish removal, buffingCobra Deluxe - application of spray waxes, quick detailers, buffingCobra Gold Plush - application of spray waxes, quick detailers, buffingCobra Guzzler Waffle - dryingCobra Guzzler HD Waffle - dryingCobra Waffle Weave Glass - cleaning glassNow I just need to get some of their other products!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Originally, I purchased this for a vehicle engine air intake -- cooler air = more mpg/power.  However, I found that it works well for high temperature halogen lighting fixtures.  In the winter, CFL take too long warm up in a garage door opener.  So, I employ 150 watt halogen lamps.  Even with the translucent fixtures removed, the lamps still melt the dark plastic housing on the garage door opener.  With this heat barrier covering all of the nearby surfaces, not only is the plastic housing protected but better light out is realized."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I don't even know another sound deadner solution besides dynamat and theres proably a reason for that. I have been using this stuff on many car audio projects for years and its been great. Excellent from stopping trunk paneling from rattling down and solidifying speaker enclosures down to keeping wires bundled neatly and secure to the chassis. Always buy a bulk pack at least because the project always starts small like two speakers enclosures and next your doing the whole door outside panel and inside panel. Plus it never hurts to have extra."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this jack stand to replace the assortment of wood blocks that I used under the front tongue of our 20' camper, weight about 500lbs,  when parked at the storage lot or while out camping.  By the second season the base had fatigued and cracked in a circular manner and by the third season I had to remove it from service because I felt it would not safely hold the weight of the tongue.  I was pretty disappointed considering how much I spent and inconvenient is was to store away.  I've moved on to the &#34;Flip-foot&#34; jack extension."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use this in my 2005 Lincoln Town Car Signature Limited.Always use Motorcraft in a Ford/Lincoln/Mercury vehicle.This will last a long time, but you don't necessarily need toreplace it every year.  Fuel filters are best replaced after a certainmileage, not necessarily time.  If it's a few years old, replace itanyway.  But if not that old, replace after 30,000 miles sincelast replaced.  If neurotic about replacement or don't knowdate of last replacement, replace right away or after somelesser interval like 20,000 miles.  But if you believe thefilter might be in serious need, do replace it at once.This is a sturdy, solid unit but does not include a clip; canbuy that separately or your installer can locate it without a lotof fuss."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "this stuff really helps prevent rust on nuts and bolts. i lubed up my brake studs with the permatex anti seize and it lasted through out the whole winter without needing to be re-applied again. i actually apply this on every bolt i have to take out on my car like the struc bolts, tie-rod, axle nut, brake caliper bolts, etc. i dont know how well this would work against exhaust bolts however. the permatex anti seize does say it can tolerate 500 degree F of heat but never had the chance to test that out."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Add me to the list of failures...after 11 months. I do not know why I ignored over 30 one star reviews. I thought with all of the positives, they must be flukes. Well mine just fried, nasty burnt electronics smell, no lights, no output. It did not hurt the car it was attached to and I discovered it very soon after failure. It is not worth the hassle indicated by others to file a warranty claim. I ordered an Xtreme hoping for longer life and good performance. Anybody reading this review, beware! The failure rate on these Deltrans is too high."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a K&N; filter on my G35's cold air intake as well as on my truck, and have always use this to clean and re-oil it.It really works well. The cleaning solution really breaks down the oil allowing it to be rinsed off fairly easily and t he aerosol can makes re-oiling a breeze.The only issue I have is I ALWAYS run out of cleaning solution before I run out of the air filter oil. Granted, this may be a good thing as it prevents you from finishing cleaning off your filter then realizing you have no oil to re-oil it, which would leave you in a tight spot if you need your car to work and you can't get more filter oil quickly.So, even though I complain about that, it's really being picky."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Amazon never fails to amaze me of the various range of products that they have. I got lucky and was able to buy this pack in Amazon warehouse deals for the price lower than Pepboys and Autozone. I really can't feel its effect on the gas mileage in our Corolla but I have sensed its increase in power. I also checked the engine oil at least once a week and you can definitely see the difference compared to the oil placed by another shop who did my previous oil change.The oil is a little bit expensive but it is definitely worth if for the machine that carries me and my family."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was originally going to get one of the small squares to go behind my newly installed speakers but after comparing the price per square foot, I decided to tackle a box of this stuff. A box let me cover four doors and my roof in my subaru wrx wagon.This car is my first non Mercedes in 15 years and although the subaru is still an econo box, this made the stereo sound way better, reduced road noise and give the car a more &#34; luxury&#34; feel. Well worth the price and effort to install."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've used this weeks upon weeks for cleaning my car, as well as my family members' cars.This soap produces nice soapy bubbles, and you don't need all that much for a full bucket of water. It's a good price as well, for the amount of soap you use per bucket (2-4 quarter sized drops).You're welcome to ask any detailer (I personally have) and they say that they even sometimes use this when their professional soap isn't available!It's not magic by any means, but it won't strip your paint of protectant or wax like dish soap (Dawn, etc) can.I'd highly recommend this to others, and would buy it again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I fought with vise grips and then I bought a 32mm axle nut from Auto**** thinking I could get my oil filter cover off (2004 Saturn Vue). None of it worked. I was almost to the point that I was just going to have some quick lube place change the oil filter for me every other time the oil needed to be changed.Then... I stumbled upon this awesome little socket designed specifcally for my GM 2.2L engine. I needed an 8 or 12-inch extension bar to properly reach the oil filter cover (and it hadn't been removed in a while so it needed some \"elbow grease\", too).But, now I can change my Saturn's oil filter with ease and style!Thank you!!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'm very happy with my purchase. After seeing a lot of negative reviews due to seal problems I hesitated to buy this. The reason I did buy it was because someone found a fix for the issue. Turns out the fix is not needed. I guess the manufacturer replaced the gasket because I have no problems whatsoever with air leaks. This device creates a perfect seal. Buy this! This is an awesome gauge with dead on accuracy. I highly recommend this to anyone in the market looking for a gauge. I mean come one it's only 10 bucks!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My intention was to have a minimal first aid kit for the car.  This little pack is reasonably well constructed, small, and even has belt loops (that I'll never use, but a great thought).  It's not going to handle major trauma, but for the occassional bandage, insect sting, wound cleaning, or field dressing, it's what you need.  There's enough extra room in the case to add two or three more items to personalize the assortment.  The contents are packaged in 3 mini zip-lock baggies, and there are common refills available for it all."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Pros:- works better than chamois in absorbing water.- does not produce streaks when drying cars  - Spot free!- I cut it to half and quarter sizes - makes it great for the kitchen tops, sink and bathroom- works great for kitchen spills- available almost everywhere- cheaper than chamoisCons:-You have to store it moist in the canister or it will dry stiff as a cardboard. (Dip it on water and it is good to go again).-Storing it moist promotes growth of bacteria and micro-organism. Forget about using it on your body as a towel or drying your plates, pots and utensils."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It works well, I am surprised that someone else does not make it[cheaper].  It is a very low tech material.  We used it in the doors of a friends car when speakers were replaced and spent over $100.  I bought three cans of rubberized undercoat at Wally-World for about $5 per can and my doors were just as quiet.  I guess it is just personal preference and economic priority, for me the extra $85 in the pocket was better.  My friend, well he spends money like a drunken sailor...not to offend any drunken sailors out there."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I would have purchased it on Amazon, but I could not wait to try it out. It works better than I thought on light scratches that do not go through the paint but only through the clear-coat. I was able to quickly fix damage caused by rubbing against a metal fence. The side panel looks 97-99% as good as new. As others have mentioned, It takes a lot of elbow grease. Nest time I'll invest in a power polisher. Boy do my arms hurt. But with a power polisher, you have to be careful to not burn the finish. Thank you all Fellow \"Amazonians\" for the reviews and tips."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Use this goop on trailer line connections and when you replace a bulb in any application where moisture is likely.  My Tracker boat trailer has incandescent bulbs and they are encapsulated in nearly water-tight containers, but they do get water within.  They are not meant to be 100% tight so if you replace a bulb, be sure to add some of this stuff to the socket.  Also, the true thief of light is corrosion, not bulb extinction, so apply some wherever there is a vulnerable spot.When changing spark plugs, along with the application of anti seize on the plug threads, use some dielectric grease at the junction of the coil pack and valve cover gasket and at the wire to coil pack."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I wasn't sure what type of water filtration to get but decided on this one for the brand, reviews, design and cost.  It connects easily and securely.  I believe it helps, but honestly I haven't done a &#34;taste test&#34; of a campground's water with and without the filter (maybe I should...?).  I also use this to tank up our onboard water storage when I am using it.  NOTE:  You will want to run water through the filter for several minutes before hooking it up to clear out the carbon dust.  It looks disconcerting to see blackish water coming out of the filter until you realize that it is simply from the unused carbon.  Although I've only had this a week, I've used it while camping already.  You can order this with confidence!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The product was very good at cleaning the wheels and tires, and in some scenarios I had to use a tire brush for the tougher stains. But it did its job. However you can run out of wheel cleaner in these bottles relatively quickly, because the product is highly compressed into that one bottle. I don't know why but sometimes it would be hard to pull the trigger, where I had cramps. The trigger resists, where at first applying the product was moderately easy for fresh hands. But after a while, it means ow. Oh well, the product did it was supposed to, I applied protectant after, so happy day."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If you have leather seats in your car, this is the stuff you want to use on them. It gives them a silky smooth feel and a nice luster. Easy to apply too. No overwhelming odor like some leather products either. To me it makes my seats smell the way they did when they were new, so I guess the best description would be &#34;new car smell&#34;. As far as using it on any other leather items, I'm sure it would work great, but you'd have to take into account the car smell. Not sure you'd want your leather coat smelling like a car. :)My only negative quibble is the size of the bottle. It's huge. It will last for years. It would be nice if they offered it in a smaller size. (They might have one, but I couldn't find it.)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a tough unit and critical to clean the windows of my RV and truck.  I am glad I bought the 'used' one -- couldn't tell it wasn't brand new!  The unit is a little heavy - but that's good for what it does.  I wish I could adjust the angle of the step plate though... right now when mounted it actually is ~10* dropped from level and I would not want to slip off this thing (but the louvers will preclude that from happening I suspect)."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Okay so I'm sure everyone has their preferences. I haven't tried everyone on the market - but of the ones I have, these are the best. I try not touch my exterior of my car with anything, but if I have to these are the only ones I trust. They are the softest and thickest Microfiber I have ever owned. I use them more regularly for wiping down my interior, windows, and mirrors. They wash well, and there's no left over tag bits or rough parts on the towel. Meguiar always has great products, IMO."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Great way to keep your tongue jack from resting on wet ground or concrete, likely extending the life by not letting it rust out so quick.  Using with a tow package that includes a weight distribution assembly can prove problematic for smaller SUV's/cars though (tested with a 2008 Ford Escape with Class 3 hitch), as the tongue jack stand is so tall that you have to sometimes jack up your car up to clear it!  Still, I can't fault the jack stand for that.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bought this after my wife ran over a screw.  Didn't have one at the time so I had to use my father's set.  Well surprise, she ran over another screw somehow last week and I pulled this bad boy out and plugged that hole right up without having to even put on the spare.People say you're supposed to have the holes professionally patched at a dealer, but if the hole isn't any kind of tear and is just a puncture, I have never had any issues with plugs falling out after 1000's of miles of driving."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bought this to use in the back of my Chevy Silverado.  The bar feels solid.  The ratcheting system appears solid, is easy to operate, and operates smoothly.  If I had to think of a weakness...if I was the designer of this tool, I would have tried to figure out a way to put the ratchet in the middle of the bar.  When you hold it up to crank it tight, the bar is awkward to hold because it is off balance.  So petty, I know.  I can't comment on how it stands up to weather, as my bed is covered.  Really, I couldn't ask for anything more, especially for the low price!  I may buy a second one.  One high, one low.  Highly recommend."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Love these microfiber cloths, use it on stainless steel appliances and it leaves no streaks.Use it to clean glass and windows and no streaks.Use it also to clean and dry my car, it absorbs water well and it also dries fast.Use it with my favorite leather care lotion, the WhooHoo-CleanLeather Conditioner and Cleaner in One. Luxurious Leather Lotion for Your Designer and Fine Leather Goods. Protect Your Leather Investment. 15 FL OZ. Made in USA!, for my leather designer handbags, shoes, and sofas.I don't have to worry about scratching the leather and it washes well.I bought the pack of 3 and it's just a great value.Will continue using these microfibers."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The California Car Duster offers a simple solution to a big problem.  Your car can never be clean enough, but it is important to note that the Duster works well on dust and not dirt and I am pleased to say that it does a fairly good job of removing dust and related particles from the surface of your vehicle.As mentioned, after thoroughly washing your vehicle, the Duster can help maintain that showroom finish that we all desire.  I have owned about three of these dusters over the course of the last two decades and they are well-made.  I just recently purchased my third duster after having used my last for about the last decade.  The light coat of wax appears to last for years to come as long as you keep the Duster in its included case after use and do not expose it to elements such as sun and water."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'm a professional detailer.This sealant is one of the best out there, if you're paint is prepped properly. I use my 3\" Griot's garage buffer to apply this stuff on the lowest buffer speed with a 3M Perfect-It waffle pad. Meguiar's has been in the detailing business for a long time and I use all of their Mirror Glaze/Professional products. Some other brands are more expensive for less amount of product and produce the same results. This price is great for the amount you get, buy this and you'll be happy. See the images I uploaded."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I just detailed my Corvette and tossed the old cloths I had and purchased some new ones. I opted for the Mequiars and they were excellent. As with most of these type cloth they quickly absorbed whatever it is you are trying too remove whether it is detailing liquid or wax or the grime from a clay bar. I have to use several clean ones on each vehicle I clean however I have been able to wash them and get them back to their almost original condition. The biggest drawback i have is the cost for each cloth. I am shopping for a lower cost substitute. They are still worthy of a four str rating and the one star is deducted due to the high cost."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've been struggling for years with my lever action grease gun as you really do need a third hand to use it. I finally got fed up enough and did some research on-line and noticed the LINCOLN model had the best ratings. I love the way it locks onto a fitting and doesn't leak all round the sides of the fitting instead of going into the fitting as my old gun did....(made a mess and wasted grease) The Lincoln forces all the grease into the fitting easily...once you snap onto the fitting you only need ONE hand to operate! This is a quality piece of equipment and worth every penny especially with the best price and free shipping from Amazon. Now I wont get aggravated and talk myself out of greasing the cars and  lawn tractor as I should be.....THANK YOU LINCOLN INDUSTRIAL 1134....."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I work as a salesman at a car dealership so I had access to a lift.  If you have access, I strongly recommend using a lift vs. jack stands.  I was able to raise and lower my car so I was always painting the calipers from a comfortable standing height and could look at (and paint) the calipers from different angles to make sure I didn't miss anything.The included brush is downright awful -- plan on buying a decent tiny paintbrush for this purpose.The color is a glossy, fire engine red.  At the same time that I was doing this, I also PlastiDipped my rims a bright white (my Grand Am GT coupe is white as well.)  The contrast is striking!There's plenty of paint in this kit -- easily enough to do two sets of calipers.  I gave my remaining paint to the tech who helped me get my car on the lift and showed me how to use the air tools for my wheels."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "In the automotive market, there's a lot of snake oil.  Most of it is just junk.  Some products do nothing.  Those are the good ones.  The bad ones screw up your car.  This is one of the few that actually work.  It keeps your fuel delivery system clean.  I use Lucas Oil with every fill up.  When I change the fuel filter, clean gasoline comes trickling out.  In cars without it, I usually see black gunk spill back out of the fuel filter.  This is not a cure-all in a single serving bottle.  But if used regularly, over time, you will see results."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It is perfect to secure your spare tire to tire carrier or bumper. Easy to use and sturdy. Is not a eyesore, and seems well made, i highly recommend this to keep thieves honest, it wont guarentee a determined thief wont steal your expensive wheel/tire, but when the thief see's the steel cable wrapped through the wheel, it won't be so much a snatch and grab. Some piece of mind to myself. I run 31.10.50 x 15&#34; wheels (over $350 each wheel/tire x 5 = $1750), with a Smitybilt tire carrier, the 36&#34; cable was plenty long enough."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bit of a let down here. From all the reviews, I thought maybe my search for the perfect nozzle would come to an end. It didn't. The sequencing of spray patterns on this nozzle is not what you are used to. Sure, it has a unique ability to produce a fine spray and a fire hose kind of effect, but when switching between patterns it passes mostly through various streams of concentrated water that dench anything in its way. If you are trying not to splatter mud, create craters or wash away feshly planted seeds, this is not your nozzle. Maybe it makes more sense on cars."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My 2007 Toyota FJ Cruiser's stock horn was, well, pretty pathetic.  A single horn that wasn't very loud and would easily get lost on the highway - and it's amazing how many people are unable to see that bright yellow SUV so a horn that works is cruicial to my survival.  The PIAA horns dropped in with very little work - the FJ is wired for a second horn, so all you need are a couple of electrical tips, about 3 feet of copper wire, and a 10mm bolt and you can put the pair of these in front of your radiator where they'll do the most good - most other cars, I suspect, will have similarly easy installations.  The difference in volume was immediately noticeable.  They're not train horns, and they won't make your ears bleed, but they're appropriately loud car horns that install easily."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I installed these to replace my stock, yellowish, non-impressive Toyota FJ Cruiser headlamps.  You can see the difference in a pic I posted, the drivers side is the PIAA and the passenger side is the stock lamp.  The PIAA is visually whiter without the blue look.  I have not spent a lot of time with them on dark country roads yet but the initial feeling is that they should be an excellent upgrade.  I will post up once I have a few miles on them in the dead of dark!Update July 2013.  I love these lights and they are still going strong.  Excellent white light for dark, dark country road driving.  FJ should have come with white lights like this from the factory, they are a great match!Update October 2013....they are still working GREAT!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is actually my second K&N; filter purchase for the same vehicle.  I find it easier to have two so I can quickly swap them out and have the car ready to go while I wash, clean and more importantly let dry the other filter.  I've never had any issues with this filter, been using it on my 08 Toyota Highlander V6 for over 50k miles so far.  I have cleaned the MAF twice as part of my routine maintenance procedure using CRC Mass Air Flow Cleaner.  The stuff works like a charm.  Use this filter on the 08 Highlander 3.5 V6 with confidence, just my opinion of course!Note: this is a tight fit for the my vehicle, so please make sure you have some patience.  Tip:  Disconnect the main intake hose first (loosen the collar with a 10mm socket).  and then remove all of the mini vacuum hoses and then loosen the two 10mm lid screws.  The whole top should come free."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Wish it were cheaper, but I won't use a product that might damage the paint on my classic - so I pay the price.  Only reason for not giving it another star is how much it costs.  Using a stretched out 2x3 inch piece of clay along with the Meguiar's Detailing Spray for lubrication makes pretty easy work for a step that I'm not that fond of doing.  I'm always shocked at how much garbage the clay picks up from what looked like a clean paint surface.  The smoothness after going over the paint shows that this stuff is working great.  Cleaning the car with soap and water is the first step, and using the clay is definitely the necessary second step before moving on to polishing and waxing."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used 2 containers in my 38 gallon 2005 Ford pick up tank and 1 unit in my 2002 Hyundai. Within about 1/2 of the tank being used in both vehicles, the Hyundai engine light turned off (mechanic recommended doing this first) and on the second treatment for my pick up the mileage increased by .75 miles per gallon and I noticed a bit more power and smoother sound to the engine. My mechanic suggested I do this every 3 months due to the Biofuels mixture used in gas these days. Nice improvement!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "They are nothing fancy, some basic terry cloth sponges.I used them to apply waxes and leather care products.I own many fine leather items. When I need to clean them to remove grime and stains, then I prefer to use a terry cloth sponge, rather than a microfiber cloth. When I condition the leather, then I use the microfiber cloth which is much softer.I didn't have much problem with the lint issue, maybe Lexol improved these pads....?I washed them and they held up fine.But I do have to say, I prefer the Viking cotton terry sponge applicators better as those ones have a denser foam and are softer to the touch. In addition, I think the price for these Lexol pads are not such a good value, considering that one pad cost about $2.10. The Viking ones are much better value...."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My car and truck were both really running like crap... figured it was time to wash and recharge the filter. I sprayed it with their, basically soapy water, and waited a while as the bugs and gravel dust was loosened, and then rinsed it in the sink until clear. I let it dry in the sun for a few hours while I found something else to do, then sprayed the oil as if I were spray painting something... follow the instructions, don't want too much oil, don't want too little either. My Neon doesn't care if I over oil it, but my truck has a mass airflow sensor, it does care... it cares a lot! Under-oiling it causes the fine mist of gravel dust through the filter, too much clogs it quickly and I guess that's better than it going into the engine but the MAF Sensor gets coated with the oil and that will cause performance issues that the filter may have given you. It's a fine balance!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "A few sprays and a wipe down with a microfiber cloth and the interior of my car looks like I just detailed it. Of course, you have to detail the car first. It's not a miracle worker. But when you want to get back to the detail look without major effort, this is the way to go. I keep the bottle and some clothes in my trunk on club rides.Compared to heavier interior cleaners, like Armorall, this stuff doesn't get oily residue on your windows. It doesn't wipe off glass completely clean but over spray comes off with just a little window cleaner."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had always used a different brand for all my interior car detailing.  I was out of product and came across this.  After reading some of the reviews I thought I would give it a try. Was I ever happy I did. This is the best detailing product for all interior car surfaces that I have ever used.  My car is 12 years old and I have always kept it clean and looking good.  After using Mother's Protectant on the dash and interior surfaces everything looked new again!  Even the faux wood trim.  I then applied the product to every seal around the window and doors, they then looked deep black and new.  In spots that were to small to get into I used an old toothbrush.  I have now made Mother's Protectant my go to interior detailing product as well as the product I use on all weather stripping and rubber seals."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The good news is that this is easy to spray on and wipe off. The spray handle gives a fine mist that covers a good area. The spray wipes off easily. The bad news is that the shine is not much better than if I had just washed it and left it. Maybe it will get better over time as the coating builds up. It also streaks a bit but this is minimized if you use a good microfiber cloth.  It's good stuff but doesn't give me the kind of shine I would get from a regular wax job."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is the Cadillac of battery chargers.  I put my Miata on the charger each winter.  Doesn't overcharge the battery, doesn't dry out the cells, just works perfectly.  It will even charge up a dead battery if you give it a few days.  At this low amperage it isn't ideal for this, but it will work.This is about $50.  A new battery is about $100.  Leaving a battery discharging or not charging for a long time (months) kills the battery.  Do the math and you see you can't afford not to have one."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "For some reason, I bought a 1998 M109A4.  Like a lot of these purchases, it seemed to make good sense at the time.  These 6x6s have typically been outside for a long time, and while they dont have a lot of highway miles, they sure do have UV damage and rust.  I have 9 windows and 4 doors with gaskets that are really expensive to replace.  Smear this grease on and the gaskets are generally good as new.  I use it on all hoses and gasketed electrical connections."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Every one of the hose nozzles I've used has failed in a few years.  Except this one.  It's the only one I've left out back over the winter and has survived the freeze thaw and the snow.  I've left it through two winters of snow and ice attached to the hose and it still works great.  Plus it functions so well.  The worst thing I can say about it is it's tricky to fit under some car wheel wells but that's fine for having a functional nozzle that does what it is supposed to do year and year.EDIT: 10/16/13 and I have two of these nozzles and one still stays outside all winter and both still work perfectly."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I received a sample size a while ago, used it on my family's vehicles and not only did it made my cars look great, it protected from the harsh salt and salt brines the city uses to treat the roads in the winter months.Has a nice scent to it as well, so it makes application a breeze....wipes off fairly easy once dried...just make sure to apply super thin....I used my DA polisher.I was sooo pleased with this sample I ordered a 64oz bottle from amazon....but unfortunately, the bottle arrived with a crack on the bottom and the contents leaked out :(This bottle was ordered from Amazon Warehouse deals...it appears they don't pack fragile items very well.Great sealant but poor packaging from Amazon."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have used a LOT of this type of equipment over the past 30+ years and this is one of the best for the price deals I have found.  I sure wish they were tad bit longer, but what can one expect?  They have a good strong cast wire and plug assembly (as pictured) and they used a very good quality wire of what looks to be at least an 18 ga wire, with good flexibility.  The alligator clips use a high quality end and should give a good long service life if not abused.  With a 3 foot lead length I assume they are designed mostly for use as a bench test lead set, but these will service any use where a 3 foot length will do the job.  Buy with confidence.... so far, I have never had a bad experience with anything from Elenco!  Not to mention that Amazon's policies will cover you if you are not satisfied..... highly likely you will NOT be disappointed.  Enjoy!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Before Mothers California Gold, I was using Meguiar's Gold Class exclusively for my car wash.  I thought the Meguiar's was quite good. It had the best cleaning power and was the least harsh of the car washes that you could get at the auto parts store. After using Mothers, I think I will be switching car wash soaps. This soap actually made it easier for me to dry the car! As the label states, I was able to achieve a dry, spot-free car with fewer passes of the towel as compared to the Meguiar's, which took more passes.Make the switch. I know I will."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This pad and the yellow polishing pad are perfect. Cell foam material is durable, wash and reuse. This pad worked perfectly on my Home Depot's Ridgid Random Orbital Sander with the hook and loop pad. Don't spend $140+ on a so called \"car\" random orbital polisher. The Ridgid is basically the same thing...yet only costs $60 and I can use it for home improvement work after my car is done. Meguiar's Scratch X 2.0 also works good with this pad to remove minor scratches and blemishes. Use Ultimate Compound for heavier oxidization."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I find it much easier to use this chamois over a towel while drying a car.  The absorber works well with soaking up water then with a quick squeeze your back at drying.  The chamois does not leave cloth and lint on your car like towels and old shirts.  I also use a damp chamois to wipe down the interior dash and seats of my vehicle, which works very well.  I would also recommend a soft water blade to use first after rinsing your vehicle to do the large areas and windows...then go back over it with the chamois.  It will cut your car drying time in half and work x2 as good. You are supposed to keep the chamois damp so when I am done I just put it back in the case and it will stay damp until my cars next wash.  It is supposed to extend the life of the chamois."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The California Car Duster is the best quick duster I have ever come across. This thing lasts years. Dare I say, its dusting abilities have gotten even better over time. Mine is like 5 years old and I have used it on numerous vehicles, and it works great for removing dry dust and powdery films on cars without leaving any streaking behind. It takes less than a minute to do the entire car (even the windows) and it really does make a big difference, especially if your car gets covered in pollen. This duster will most likely become a vital part of your car care routine because it can be used regardless of what you do to wash/polish/wax; you just use this for a quick clean up.  I actually bought the combo exterior duster and interior duster.HINTS: Only use this when dry, getting this wet will streak the wipes. Also keep the brush in the supplied case because the brush itself will get dusty if left exposed."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was looking for a Respirator to use while degreasing firearms with Brakekleen and messing around with &#34;odorless&#34; mineral spirits.Plus I have a pretty big Brain, so my brain protector is large compared to normals.  Couldn't find a size Large at any of the home improvements stores and this is only 20 bucks shipped.Great protection, did not smell any fumes at all during cleaning.  Only once I removed this respirator and was headed inside did I realize how bad those fumes could have been to me.  Awesome mask at an awesome price.Love 3M products."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Got a 2005 Ford Crown Victoria Police Interceptor that I wet sanded with 3,000, then buffed out with Maguire's 105, then polished with Maguire's 205, then drenched in Turtle Wax ICE! I got a jug of this Turtle Zip Wax and the car shines like never before! What the heck is in this stuff??? You just mix it with water, wash the car as usual, and the darn thing is shining like there is no tomorrow! I am a little concerned about it building up on the windows, but so far, so good, and it's been raining like crazy and no spots or wiper chatter. A miracle! No more expensive and fancy pants car washes for me!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a very useful RV product.  Some RV parks and locales require this type of product to preclude sewerage spills.  It provides secondary protection in case the regular gray or black valve has a leak.  This way, when you take the cap off, a possible leak is held back by this valve (if it is properly closed).  The unit locks on just like a regular sewer drain hose fitting.  Unlike some other brands this unit turns on its axis so that you can align the valve handle exactly where you need it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These WORK! I used them with the Meguiar's wax. One to lift it off, the other to place under my hand while I worked, and then polish after the lift-off. AWESOME tool! You will love these. They are extremely worth it. You do a professional job with these, not some half-baked attempt. And for no more than you spend, and as long as these will last, why not! You won't be taking it for a $150 detailing with these to help make it easier."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "For years I hoarded the remaining ounce of Vinylex left in my garage until I found it on Amazon.  Vinylex is the best cleaner/protectant you can get for vinyl, rubber and plastic.  It is UV resistant and will prevent the sun from fading the aforementioned items' color.  I discovered Vinylex over twenty years ago for use on the vinyl seats of the '65 Mustang I had then; it really worked great to clean and protect.  Since then, I have discovered other uses for Vinylex including the cleaning/protecting of vinyl siding and on vehicle tires, dashboards and interior/exterior plastic trim.  The results are clean and classy looking without being over-the-top glossy.  I even went and bought the 1 gallon refill container, too."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "it has BENZINE in it,  (and white gas as  filler)  benzine is the most powerful solvent that you can use in any injector.  A Hard fact.sure it will clean anything just about.  but do not breath it , it is a known, carcinogen.be happy it's not illegal.the cleaners that are just pale oil, are useless, and only help to poison the 02 sensors.read the MSDS, and be aware of what you bought.do not put oil in the fuel tank,  why do that. ?"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I followed the directions for cleaning the top but it did not do much as far as cleaning off the grease from the top mechanism on the lower sides of my tan fabric top. It did however provide a nice protective water resistant coating when applied as others have done here instead of using the sprayer. I used a brush and coated the top as if painting it. This way it goes on heavier and does not cause over-spray on painted or glass surfaces.While I only gave it a 3 star I am sure it is as good as the Rag Top brand and a lot less expensive. It should also be noted that our top is very old and was not properly cared for before we bought the car so it very well may work a lot better on a newer top."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "When it comes to a fuel filter, this is the best. Only filter that fits perfectly. Makes the job very easy. If your not sure, try another brand. It will work, but the secondary clips won't fit. It will be ok,  but not 100% perfect. Just get the right one, the Motorcraft. I am a certified Ford mechanic in Michigan and did hundreds of these. Don't fret over an extra couple dollars. This is the only fuel filter that goes on easy, and is the best for your Ford vechicle.  Like i say, try another brand and see for yourself. Bye!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a 2008 Ford F150 FX4 that has most every option including the mirrors with the turn signal indicator lamps immediately below the side mirrors.  I researched these trailer mirrors and although every formal resource, including the one from Amazon and the manufacturer, said this was not the trailer mirror for my truck, I found one review that said they took a chance and they fit and worked fine.  I had the same experience, they worked fine.  There are cut-outs that allowed the turn signal lamps to fuction perfectly fine and the shape of the mirror was a perfect fit!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this in order to seal some parts of my car's valve cover mating surfaces.The shop I paid for the timing belt service to be done did not do a good job.Valve cover gasket never leaked before, it started leaking after they put a new gasket.Obviously they did not clean the mating surfaces.I did the job myself since I did not trust the mechanics at that particular shop.It does not leak now.This product also helped me repair parts of glass molding (rubber parts around the rear glass) that started cracking, falling off.All in all it is a great product and is worth the money."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used to use Pennzoil Ultra Advance Synthetic Motor oil and Mobil 1. I switch on and off between them. Both of the oils Work Perfectly fine. Car runs great and then I started to hear about royal purple, How people tell its an amazing oil and works wonders. I thought Synthetic oil is as good as it gets. Until I tried royal purple...this is THE best oil i've tried yet so far, I haven't tried Ams oil nor Red Line. But I'm sticking to Royal Purple, Great Idles, More Torque and Power to the wheels, Engine Overall Performs Excellent. An Oil that Out Performs, Royal Purple. Go Buy it!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'm using this to secure the spare tire on my utility trailer. It has a nice thick cable and it's not too long like a bicycle cable lock. Tubular locks are not my favorite, but overall this device seems like a pretty good deterrent for the casual thief. I did notice that the ring on one end of the cable was drilled out way off center. Maybe not the best quality control? (See it in the pic I posted.) I'm pretty happy with it overall and would recommend it without hesitation."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have tried many well known waxes out there but even with zaino z2 pro, after couple rain storms, the finish became dull and sticky, i used my finger to wipe. With collinite 476, after 5 storms 2 car washes and 2 months baking in the sun, the finish still feel extremely smooth. Notice this wax wont give u deep finish looking like those carnauba but it will bright up your finish like glass, it almost hurt my eyes looking directly to the car under the sun lol. I would recommend this for whose who have brighter color car and #915 for darker color. I have polished metal color.I highly doubt this wax will let go of my car anytime soon ..."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I always use this followed by an application of lexol leather conditioner. I've also used Blue Magic leather cleaner and conditioner and I found this to be much better. The blue magic stuff generally leaves my leather feeling a bit dry and not slick. I usually apply to leather then leave it to sit for 15 minutes before applying leather conditioner. It gets rid of dirt smudges quite well without leaving much of a spot like you see if cleaning with water.I've also tried this on leather shoes. It helped remove a few minor scuffs (probably just dirt). but bigger scuffs do remain. Should always follow with leather conditioner."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "What can ya say--it very inexpensive, yet it WORKS!!!!!  I spent like $17 on a digital Fowler tread gauge only for it to tell me my tires had 23/32 tread left??  How is that possible, when new it is only 13/32??  If that were the case, I'm sure Yokohama woul dbe hunting me down to steal those tires,lolThis Milton tread gauge is very basic and it works!!  No batteries to worry about. It does feel a tad greasy when you touch it. I just keep it in a ziploc bag in my trucks cub hole!!  Too easy!!  Don't let the low price fool you, it works!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If you are restoring a 35 years old BMW classic you need only the best and this (as all Mothers products I have used so far- and they are many) is among if not the best.Several applications (every week)during the first 3 months have restored all rubber to its new like condition and this brings not only a better look but also brings back the purpose of seals all over the car. From noise reduction to air tightness to better working AC and well,many other advantages.Believe me, I don't own the company!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "As title says - waste of time, money and calories. I have 08 BMW 335i Sport. Silver color. Have long scratches similar to those that guy posted in product images. Spent almost an hour, tried all different techniques. This product simply doesn't work. If you have a new car with nice paint, I would avoid buying this. It might work for some old cars which paint is in different condition, but not for me - sorry.P.S: I bought a full set of Meguiar's paint care, you can find my reviews on other products as well. What actually worked for me (somewhat) is Ultimate Wax and Clay Kit (contaminant removal kit), Clay Kit is very hard to apply though, but it works."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After looking online at &#34;ready-made&#34; emergency auto kits, I made up emergency bags of my own for my kids' trunks, just in case the MN roads got the best of them.  The pre-made kits were either too expensive and filled with the cheapest junk, or they just didn't have an intelligent assortment of things I know people need (from experience).  Many of those kits were labeled by AAA.  So, strangely when I went looking for a first aid kit with something more than band-aids and rubber gloves (who really needs those, anyway?), I found this, complete with gauze and tape and stuff you need in the real-world if you get stuck, stranded, or hurt.  I wanted to go a little bigger with other things like peroxide and cold compress, but it was cheaper to buy those separately and just go with this kit."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "There are two (2) 50 gram bars in the package but there is enough clays on each bar that I cut them in halves & used the halves without any problem.Water hardness makes a noticeable difference. If you have hard ground water like I do, my advice is to spend the few extra bucks to wash & clay your car in a self car wash where the water is softened or deionized.Other wise you will not reap the full benefit of claying a car as you are just grinding the paint with microscopic mineral deposits.Use water as lubricant, do not leave any soap on the paint & use the suds as lubricant as the chemical in soap will quickly break down the clay bar itself. You will find the clay \"disintergrate\" after 1-2 car washes if you rely on soap as lubricant."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This duster is very handy to clean up your car or truck. It is a fairly large wand that has treated fibers that attract and hold the dust so you can quickly clean your dash, seats and any surface in your vehicle. Dust sticks to the fibers so you are not just stirring up the dust you are collecting it.I like it because I don't have to spray any cleaner and wipe it all up.  This is much faster.  They say you should not wash it as it will remove the treatment from the fibers so I just shake the duster off when I am done.  I can't stand a dusty dirty car and I want to make it look nice and protect my investment.  This duster works quickly and doesn't scratch your car's interior.  The tapered and flat dusting wand even reaches into tight spaces like along the front of your dash against the front window.I like mine and use it all the time!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After a few cycles using the HD SYN3 oil, I decided to change my own oil and use this Mobil 1 in the engine.  Having never been satisfied with the \"just after the oil change feeling\" with SYN3, there was a noticeable improvement in engine smoothness and reduction in engine noise during the next 2,500 miles I kept this oil in the bike.  These are things you notice when you become connected to your bike, as you fellow bikers know.  I have used Mobil 1 since because of this experience and because I can get it from Amazon cheap.  It's probably not as good as AIMSOIL, but it's very good and I'm confident it's doing a great job."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I like them - YES the KC is bigger now than it was on older models of the guards IT IS AS SHOWN IN THE PICTURE and  I LIKE IT.They provide some protection - not a lot  but they do look good.I actually saw another set of these today on a Toyota FJ and thought how good they looked on the black lights they had. Then I saw a CJ with the old style ( there were aged ) the KC was smaller and the guards were holding up well after the years of use it was obvious they had."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have an FJ Cruiser.  It's not a quiet vehicle.  I accept that.I have been working on upgrading my stereo system - replaced the head unit, put in 6x9 speakers in the doors, etc.  Well, the 6x9s are much more responsive than the stock speakers were, especially in the lower frequencies.  So, I developed a buzz.  I bought the Dynamat to see if I could get rid of that, after I tightened everything that I could find.Installation was easier than I feared - thanks for the tennis ball tip, BTW!  As far as the real results, though, I'm not sure that I've noticed a real difference in sound quality, noise, or heat.  Perhaps some.  The rattling has reduced, but not eliminated.Does the product work?  Possibly.  It's hard for me to say either way."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Once a year seems pretty accurate. I'm sure it varies on where you live, how dirty your car gets, how often you wash it, how you wash it, what detergent you use, etc., etc. But it was highly rated by Consumer Reports so I figured I'd give it a shot. Goes on, wipes off easy - or about the same as other paste waxes I've used. Oh, and yes, this is a polish not a cleaner. If your paint is really dirty, faded, etc, then you need to use a cleaner first then a polish. Put it on thin, in the shade, keep it off plastic, use a microfiber cloth - in other words follow the directions and use it correctly and it works great. And, yes, if you have chips in your paint they will turn white - just like with any other polish."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Awesome.  Just used this for the first time earlier today.  I've owned a natural chamois but haven't used it in years so I threw it away.  This works great.  Washed my car and then used a Water Blade on it (def another recommended product) and then used this on all the corners and tight spaces.  Soaks the water up very well, rings out a lot of the water and stores &#34;damp&#34; which means little to not maintenance to maintain.  Covers a lot of area too I was surprised once I unfolded it just how big it was."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Great auto wash.  Very sudsy and does a great job with a microfiber wash mitt to clean away the dirt and grime from my car.  Looking forward to trying this with a Foammaster II and see just how good it foams up but im expecting it to work very well.  Smells pretty good too!For the price of this 64 oz container, theres no reason to NOT buy it and use some cheaper car wash or a laundry detergent.  Do your car right and buy this stuff you won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "excellent product, i tried several products on my rims, this really does the job well, i sprayed it liberally to rims wells and outside used brush only on inside wells , but didn't have to brush the outside of the rim, and the rim became  totally clean with just water hose rinse, strong but yet no complications from the product, what i mean is that i noticed its safe on the rims.the only disadvantage is that the bottle was enough for one time clean only, so for proper clean i think you needs 2 bottles, if you want to clean properly including the wells behind the spokes."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'm not a professional car detailer but I have been waxing my own car for a good 10 years and understand the steps. I hand waxed this product onto my car and it was difficult to polish out with my soft terry cloth. For some odd reason the wax was leaving residue even though I was trying to buff it out with fresh cloth. After buffing the car, it did not come out as expected and the surface did not feel like there was wax, in fact it felt like I just washed my car only. I'm thinking this product needs to be applied using an orbital buffer as it requires more even pressure throughout. I will follow up on this review after trying out using a buffer."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Got it just for giggles cause I love gadgets. Its... Moody to say the least, as in sometimes it can be way off (readings of 10 psi above or below what it really is), but most of the time its spot on.I still keep one of the pen style manual ones in my glovebox just as a backup, but this has proven to be useful enough when I need it.The O-Ring issue that you see other reviews complaining about must have been fixed by now, because mine has no issue sealing against the tire stem.The memory feature is nice for easily recalling the correct pressures for your tires (it remembers two numbers, front and rear)."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I needed a set of jumper cables for my new car and these had good reviews and were at a good price.  They have been used a few times already and do what they are supposed to - no complaints there.What I will say is that 12 feet really isn't an ideal length.  Sure, if you pull up front bumper to front bumper they are plenty long, but a lot of times you will be beside another car or can't get really close.  Because of this, I would recommend something a little longer than 12'.Great brand - get 16' version though."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "For most folks but if you need it and fail to use it really bad things will happen.I bought a Porsche where the previous owner had changed the plugs and failed to use the anti--seize and years later when it was time to change the plugs because you cannot actually see the plugs it is easier to remove the head to put repair helicoils into the aluminum as the plugs will not come out without taking the threads.  This is how the world works.  Failure to install something whre this product is needed will cost you dearly down the road. Before you begin anything with aluminum first find your bottle of anti seize so you know you can put the project back together without doing permanent damage."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "We bought and installed extras of these on our RV, just because the manufacturer never seems to put them in convenient places.  I want to pull into my site, and sit right in my seat at the leveling controls and do everything right there.  I installed extra level bubbles around the driver so all my rough leveling is done, and THEN I can walk around and fine-tune it at the back.My only warning to buyers:  make SURE you have them exactly where you want them before pressing on.  They DON'T move or come back off.  It's actually difficult to set them prefect on the first try because they stick so well.  Use a good carpenter's level to get the RV straight, then hold these steady with both hands and place CAREFULLY.  I'm kinda shaky so I really had to brace my hands on the RV while setting them."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This genuinely saved my family over $4000.Car: 2003 Audi A6 3.0 Quattro.Mileage: 85,000 miles.Problem: Check engine lights for BOTH variable valve timing actuators sticking.  Condition present 75% of the time, so occasionally they would unstick.I put 1 quart of MMO into the oil.  I expected nothing, but for $10, why not.  Over the next 2000 miles, a miracle.  The check engine light for this problem would come on less and less until it stopped coming on at all.  The MMO cleaned and lubricated the heads (where the VVT actuators reside) enough to restore normal operation.I have never believed in a simple additive like I believe in Marvel Mystery Oil.  It is incredible.Update:Now 2013, the Audi still has not had this problem come back.  Best fix ever."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I love Meguiar products - especially the quick detailer and tech wax.This product seemed to work really well on newer tires and maintained a nice glossy, black wet look for over a week of local driving.This one let me down a bit on older tires on another car though -- it goes on looking great, but after drying leaves the tires only looking a bit darker black and without any gloss.  Perhaps these older tires are more porous from wear and age, or a different composition that the product didn't respond well to."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've been using this stuff for YEARS.  It works great, it prevents the &#34;fogging&#34; on windshields, and it lasts a good long time.  And since it's not silicone based, it's not one of those cheap products that just shines up the surfaces, and dries them out so they crack.  Over years of applications in several cars an in the house, I've never had cracking issues.It will never provide a super shiny surface like the cheaper competitors, but that's not what it's for.  It's for cleaning AND protecting the surfaces."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this tool to winterize our travel trailer.  Simply screw it on to your water hook-up, and then attach your standard air adaptor to your compressor hose - and presto - you're in business.The tip is flexible, but secure.  That is, after connecting your air hose to this plug, you can tip the hose in any of 360-degress, and it will flex.  This is great, because in colder weather a more rigid adaptor might break.I would recommend this plug for anyone that wants to winterize their RV, and I would purchase it again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Washed the filter on a Friday evening and the filter was dry Saturday evening.  Sprayed on the oil on Sunday afternoon.  Very easy to do on a 2008 GMC Sierra 3500 HD Diesel.  My main concern with the dealer doing it was that they might not have let the filter dry completely before re-oiling it.  How would I have ever known if it were done correctly?  They said it would take about an hour.  I don't know how the filter could have ever dried &#34;naturally&#34; as is required by K&N, in only one hour.  I'm glad I did it myself and I bet you will be too.  This kit will probably last for at least three recharges."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a fantastic conditioner -- but a cleaner, it is not. At least, not more than surface dirt and dust. That, however, was fine for my purpose (new leather with nothing more than some surface dirt). It goes on easily, smells great but is not an overpowering scent, and leaves the leather looking nice, dark and clean without any ridiculous shine or slippery feel.I didn't really find it difficult to apply, but it may be a little messy. I just dedicate one cloth for application, do the whole car, and then use another 2 cloths to go back around and wipe up the excess. Takes about 15 minutes on my Nissan. I still prefer Lexol for cleaning and conditioning, but this is a great product for monthly application to protect against UV exposure, which is what I am looking for."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Yes. It smells kinda funny. Yeah, if you leave it sitting long enough, you'll have these fatty looking clumps in the liquid. No, they don't disappear after shaking. And still, after all those years, that bottle of Lexol conditioner still worked great on my MDX's leather. Between the Lexol cleaner and this conditioner, the 10 year old car's leather already looked newer. It can't save the glazing the driver's seat acquired from use, but all the other seats did manage to look like that brand new leather look; slightly matte, firm, but supple.For the price, I think Lexol conditioner's great. Leatherique's conditioner is quite a bit more expensive."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this to siphon fuel from my generator, and this tube is too large to even access the neck of the tank.  Also, this siphon is for containers that have lots of liquid, as you need to use up and down thrusting motion to start the priming process. So, a small generator wouldn't have enough liquid in it, and also not enough clearance to accept this siphon.  But, for large containers with lots of liquid this will absolutely work.UPDATE:  I was able to actually use this in my generator afterall.  I had to insert the hose at an angle to reach a certain part of the gas tank and it worked like a charm. But, you need to use the up/down motion really really fast to start it off and then it will siphon. I guess it takes a little practice and a little patience. Once you get it right you'll have no problem doing the next time. I keep this in my truck now in case I ever need it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have had this cap wrench for 20 years, I first bought it for my 1993 Tercel. It worked on the metal canister oil filters of the Tercel and it also works on my 2012 Camry 4 cyl as well. I cannot understand the large number of reviews stating that this wrench broke - how tight are the oil filters they are removing??? I cannot imagine this one breaking if the oil filter is installed properly. The only complaint I have is it sticks to the filter housing (both the metal filter of the 1993 Tercel and plastic housing on the 2012 Camry) so you have to rock it back and forth with your ratchet to get it off."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I researched a ton of portable air compressors before coming to the conclusion that the Q Industries, a veritable no-name brand, compressor was the best value - without spending a fortune.  While I think it is obvious your best option for portable air compressors is a Viar, they are also very expensive.  This Q Industries compressor provides me with a relatively quick air-up without a huge expense.  Reviews elsewhere have me convinced it will last a while too.The few times I've used it thus far has me convinced I made a good choice.  I can recommend this one too."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Want to enter your car in the Car Show/Rod Run but it's picked up a bit of Highway dust and dirt?Assuming they have a car wash area (and many outdoor car shows do), hose her off, dry her up and pick up the Meguiar's A3332 Quik Detailer Mist & Wipe Spray and some dry towels -- one quick application to the car will bring her back to good looking glossiness, and you most probably will pick up a few extra points when the judges come around.Meguiars makes great automotive finish products, and has been doing so for a long time."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is the second style that I have bought on Amazon. The first one was like a toy. This one is close to it. Neither one was built STRONG. The handle is just a little longer than the last two I bought. Another thing. I just bought these  two at $10.00 each. Now, one week later, $15.00 almost? Sorry barely worth $10.00. I would shop for a better model. Sorry, I'm not ready yet to bust out a real car window to see if the thing will hold up??  Read my other product reviews folks. I'm just like YOU. I try to stretch that hard earned dollar.  SW"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used Zym&ouml;l Z503 on a newer vehicle that had minor contaminants in the finish.One characteristic that is important to note about Zym&ouml;l is that you need to be a bit more synchronized w/ its application - it dries really fast compared to other cleaner waxes I've used.This cleaner wax requires more effort to buff clean. The extra amount of elbow-grease required resulted in a superior shine.PROS:1. natural formula2. solid reputation3. provides intense 'wet' shine4. cleans off concrete easily (inevitable drip or two on the garage floor)5. smells like tropical paradiseCONS:1. very thin consistencyI'm not sure if the Zym&ouml;l Z503 is the same formula that I've used in years past, that said I'll wait a while to evaluate how long the protective finish lasts."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "There are a few things to know about the absorber to get the most out of them.  First, before using, soak in warm water, this makes it more absorbent.  Second, keep it clean.  The wort thing you could do is have a dirty chamois and drag it across your paint, this will introduce maring of your clear coat.  I wash it on gentle cycle with a little distilled vinegar then air dry.  When storing, get it as dry as possible.  Ive had them get moldy in the container from being too damp."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "At less than $100, it's not much more than twice the price of one puller.  I had a stuck ball joint and got this and the ball joint puller was too small but one of the pitman arm pullers was just right.  So it lets you separate a lot of things in different situations without spending a lot of money.Everything is organized well in a sturdy plastic case.  Unlike some cases, this one is big enough that you don't have to turn the screws all the way in to fit the tools in the case.Very impressed at the price and selection.  It's not something I'll use every day but it's something that is nice to have when it's needed.  Besides, if I ever get a new car, I could probably sell this for at least what I paid for it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This Actron CP9125 is an invaluable tool in that it allows you to clear the CEL (check engine light) without having to disconnect the battery and risk possibly causing another problem.  If, for example, your gas cap is left loose and the CEL comes on, you can immediately reset the CEL rather than panic and go to the stealership.  But most people don't realize the OBD-II (on-board diagnostics) will actually self reset after a number of cycles, but few people understand the testing cycle process."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After using many different wheel cleaners I can very confidently say this is the best on the market. NO acid in this so it's completely safe for your wheels. Does a great job cleaning. I drive a Porsche Boxster S and keeping it clean is my first priority.I suggest cleaning your wheels once a week since the brake dust that gets on your wheels is acidic and will corrode your wheels over time. I was recommended to try this on a Porsche owners site and I think these people have a very good idea on what it takes to keep a car looking nice.Cheers"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a good value and it's useful.  It's a one time set up and then hopefully it will help get the job done over and over.  I've purchased two of these.  one for a Pop UP camper I've owned since 2008 and the other for an Airstream camper we acquired in July.  For winterizing I also use the  Camco 36143 RV Blow Out Plug with Brass Quick Connect (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002XL2IEA/ref=oh_details_o00_s01_i01) also available through Amazon Prime.  These to gadgets make winterizing much easier."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have used Dynamat to combat noise in automobiles, dishwashers and even under a stainless steel kitchen sink.  The dishwasher and the sink were the most dramatic demonstrations of the value of this product.  The dishwasher was on the noisy side, until I had to replace a small switch in the door.  While I had it all apart, I decided to coat the inside of the door panel with Dynamat.  Now the dishwasher makes a soft hum as it running.  The sink was insulated, but it made that cheap rain on a metal roof sound when you turned on the water.  It was difficult to have a conversation and do the dishes at the same time.  Now it is dead quiet!  What a change!  I love this stuff.  I know that I will be on the look out for more Dynamat applications in my life!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is one of my fav's, the others being the eagle1's wheel n tire cleaner. Though Nothing beats the use of a brush and elbow grease, this really helps with the calipers, spaces my brush can't reach, and especially the tires before i clean them. DO NOT expect this to wash your wheels for you, you still need to get down and scrub, this just helps alot. Though it runs out quick, it is inexpensive.Pros: Works, you'll see the brown grime coming off the tires and the black dust from the wheels.Smells like cherry (some will put that in the Cons)great for nooks and cranniesSafe for almost all wheelsOne of my fav solutions to cleaning tirewalls (clean shiny tires DO make a difference)Cons: Runs out QUICK, you'll be getting another bottle before you know ittrigger a bit small, tires the fingers rather fast"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "We bought this for our RV (2008 Mercedes Sprinter chassis) and it works great.  I can see how many miles are left until an empty tank, watch the mpg, monitor engine temp, and lots of other things.  Be sure to read the manual for how to calibrate your mileage readings.  We mounted the ScanGauge on our dashboard using the provided velcro strips.  That approach was okay, but I would like to find a sturdier way to mount it.  If you're handy, you can mount it on your dash and run the cable through the insides to get to the OBDII port.  You have the option of having the cable connected to the ScanGauage either on the right side or out the back.  No additional electrical source is needed, since the OBD port is powered."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "As you may know, one cause of the \"check engine light\" coming on your dash is lack of pressure in the fuel system due to a faulty gas cap.Normally, when the \"check engine light\" comes on, I go out and tighten the gas cap; if that's the cause, the light will go off in an hour or so.However, if the light stays on, a cheap option is to replace the gas cap - a lot cheaper than taking it to the shop and getting charged an hour of labor and the shop cost of a gas cap. In my state, a car with the \"check engine\" light on during the inspection period will fail the inspection.If you replace the cap, and the light still stays on, then take it to the shop.This is a good price on the cap."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'm a skeptic when a product promises spectacular results with a minimum of effort, but this one delivers!  The light gray interior of my car looks brand new, and it took less than half an hour.  I have leather seats, too.  Finger marks, dust,  insect carcasses, spilled drink stains--all are history.  The only thing it didn't fully remove was a blue ink mark, but even that is lighter.My only regret is that the really lovely rose fragrance didn't linger, but oh, well."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had sanded off part of the clear coat around my wheels to deal with some curb rash I had gotten. I had previously used &#34;Bleche White&#34; as my wheel/tire cleaner, and it didn't effect the bare aluminum on my wheel. This stuff does, it left weird white tarnish marks all over the part with bare metal. I can get it off by sanding further with fine grit sandpaper and then polishing with metal polish, but it's really annoying.That being said, it really cleans your tires and wheels well. Better than &#34;Bleche White&#34; for sure, but I will probably stop using it for my car because of the metal corrosion issue."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I mounted these on the bumper of my Ford F250. They are about 24\" off the ground; not too close to the pavement by any means. The housings started to leak within a week or two of being installed. I removed the lights and tried sealing with black silicone, but they still leaked. Perhaps because of the leak, the chrome started flaking off within a few weeks.  I now have very good looking lights, which leak, produce nearly no helpful light, and won't stay aimed in the direction I angled them."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was apprehensive because of the reviews with people saying theirs only worked once.. But I get the feeling that they didn't understand how the thing works. You can easily damage the components by using it wrong. You pump the thing 3-4 times per quart, but you don't want to sit and pump while you're removing the fluids, that isn't how it works. Pump it a 3-4 times and wait for it to get done, then do it again. It goes pretty fast! I did my brakes, trany, oil, power steering, transfer case, and differential before pulling the plug to get the rest and not make a mess and radiator fluid on a couple different vehicles.. went smoothly. I recommend buying a half inch hose clamp for the rubber reducer."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this item because my hydraulic jack was leaking and I always had to top it up everytime I wanted to use it, which alone can take me 15 to 20mins to do.  With this, I just drive up and in a matter of about 2 mins I'm ready to work on my car.  It makes my DIY fluid changes and inspections MUCH easier and quicker.I have a 2005 Mazda 3, and I have absolutely no problems with it sliding, moving, or touching when I drive up on it.Although my car is not even half the weight of the 8000lb capacity model, I bought the 12000lb version just to be on the safe side.I've had this product for just under a year, and I use it every 4 - 5 weeks.  I highly recommend it if you like to save money and do your own oil changes."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "As for quality, sure it isn't top notch. But this thing isn't going to fall apart on you, these are tough and will hold. Scared for you life? Than go to a shop. The welding isn't perfect, but you have to realize this is mass produced. The welds aren't going to separate. I would definitely suggest using these in pairs, as in don't leave one alone to hold part of your vehicle. For those with cars, don't worry b/c cars weigh nothing. These are rated for as much as a cars avg weight. The double locking is a nice feature but not necessary on small jobs. My truck weighs over 6k so if these can hold one end, it will hold your average cars then too. If your doing small jobs, get these b/c theres no beating the price."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a K&N in my car so I decided to add this to the girlfriends.  She has a 2006 Toyota Matrix. It fits snug, but that means there's a good seal. Her stock filter was horribly dirty after just one year, so it'll be interesting how this holds up. It's impossible to tell if there is any improvement in performance. I don't drive it daily so I'm not sure about the gas mileage either. Buy this for its reusability, not its performance. My only complaint is the little \"Do Not Discard\" sticker isn't sticky enough to attach to the air box."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've always been told that Royal Purple products were good, but more expensive than the products I've used in the past. However, Amazon offered a package at a price that was actually cheaper than if I bought it at a local store, plus they shipped it for free. As for the product, since I tend to use quality synthetic oils in my 2008 Honda Civic I guess only time will tell, but I do seem to have more pickup that has a firmer feel. My Honda is slightly modified, but the other day I out ran a BMW that was attempting to cut me off as I merged onto the free way. Was it the oil? I don't know, but as long as I maintain my average of 35 MPG and can merge at that pace I will continue to buy Royal Purple. It should be noted that I also use ZMax at the same time, or when I can afford it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Meguiar's has a reputation of making excellent car care products and this one is no exception. It goes on and comes off easy. I applied their sealer on my new Caddy and then followed it with this wax. (All by hand.) It looks amazing. The shine is so bright it almost hurts. It really pulled out the color of the paint. It gave a depth that I didn't see when it came from the dealer. It looks like a candy apple red after the Meguiar's treatment. It looks so good I'm almost afraid to drive it. :)This is supposed to be long lasting wax, so my plan is to only wax once a year. I'll provide an update if there are any changes."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a zerk fitting that is in a difficult spot.  Be sides that the standard coupler wouldn't fit, I couldn't hit the zerk fitting head on either.  I have to go in at a slight angle, which made this job a real challenge.I bought two other types of adapters from local auto parts stores without any success.One was the rubber tip, and the other was 4\" needle adapter.  Both failed.  Rubber tip couldn't hold the pressure, leak grease around the rubber edge.  The 4\" needle adapter was too long and the tip angle was too wide.Bought Lincoln needle nozzle next and it was perfect for this.  The tip was narrow, sharper angle, and the right length.  It fits on my grease pump without any problems.  I was really happy that I got the ball joint greased up.  I would buy this again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I admittedly didn't see the sound byte of the horn until now, and if I had heard it earlier, I would have thought differently. I installed this to have a lower, and hopefully louder tone in my horn. The factory horn was lower though. I realize this is probably more for motorcycles now, so on an Isuzu Trooper, it is a little pathetic. I blame this on myself though, and I realize the product is good for its intended audience. Just don't buy this if you havea  truck! The look of this horn, if you have it visible, is a plus, and the shipping and installation were a breeze."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "extremely versatile.  the conical end pulls outward and functions as a ratchet, cranking the straps/clips taught.  A few minutes of one-time configuration/setup is needed and future mount/removals are accomplished in seconds.  The only reason i didn't give these a 5 star rating is the small foam discs tend to come off the mounting bases periodically (they press against the outside of your existing mirror).  Thoughtfully, the vendor includes extras.  All in all, a very unique and functional product!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "There are many types of clay out there but this works great on a newer vehicle or one that only needs to be dressed up a bit. Easy to work with and requires little effort. I use a spray lube and have found Mequiars Final Inspection does the job.Make sure the surface is washed before starting.Unless you drop some or have other issues, one bar will be enough for most vehicles. I've been able to do 3 small cars with one of these bars.You could shop all over and play hit or miss for a couple bucks or just do it right the first time."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "K&N; Filter Care Service Kit - Squeeze BottleI bought the squeeze bottle version of the kit because I had heard the aerosol spray was difficult to meter accurately. I'm here to say that the squeeze bottle isn't a perfect solution either. I had to oil the Ducati Performance air filter for my 696, which is just a basic cylindrical filter except the \"dirty\" air comes in from the inside out. A typical conical filter on a car has the dirt collecting on the outside. The airbox on the 696 is set up so the dirt comes from the inside of the filter. This made it extremely difficult to oil properly.On a car filter, oiling the pleats evenly takes a lot of time and excess oil still tends to seep out. It takes some practice, time, and patience - probably a second filter doesn't hurt either.Overall: 4/5 stars, still difficult to oil the filter uniformly but easier to control versus the aerosol spray"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The Jeep Wrangler (1999 model) has wide plastic type fenders over each wheel well. These black plastic fenders, at least on my vehicle, turned and discolored over the years. I tried numerous products and while many would restore the black, the color would eventually fade and I would be right back to where I started. I ordered this Mother's product and applied that to my fenders. I was very surprised at the amount of color restoration I got from applying two or three coats. The black did return and my fenders looked great. I have now been driving the vehicle about three months and I still have nice looking fenders. I also used the polish on my black running boards and the end caps on both the front and rear bumpers. All received the polish well and color looks good. It is easy to apply and then wife. Don't leave the polish on too long after drying as it will be more difficult to polish."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Maybe its just me, but I didn't see much difference.  I have a 2010 370Z that I baby, and decided after three years it might be time to detail the finish.  As I said, I baby the darn thing so its garage kept and pretty clean to start with.  I followed the long, involved instructions written by one of the experienced reviewers to the letter. I decided to just do the hood, and then clean/wax the rest of the car for comparison. .  I could see some different in the hood.  It was definitely a higher gloss.  But not a difference that any one else would notice.  Maybe it would be more noticeable in an older car with faded paint.  But I wouldn't waste time doing this again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this to replace a replacement cover. The old replacement cover was old, ripped and still smelled like the strong vinyl scent. This one is very nice. It is nice and smooth and feels good in your hands. It takes some muscle to install but once it is one there it looks good. It could be a tad cheaper but it looks well made. The stitching is solid and doesn't seem like it will come apart. It doesn't move at all once you place it on your steering wheel so you don't have to worry about that."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "For years I used a band type filter removal tool.  With the new vehicles going to smaller (thinner) filters, the band wasn't cutting it.  My search for a better filter removal tool brought me here.I like to tighten my oil filters as tight as I can by hand, so I always use a removal tool to loosen it.  This tool has never failed to easily loosen the oil filter in all our vehicles.The pros:+ Low cost, which includes free shipping.+ This tool fits 2-1/2\" to 3-1/8\" filters.The cons:- None that I can think of. :)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The only thing I have against scissor jacks is that after they have been raised to the height prior to having to level my 31' RV, it requires quite a hefty force to raise it for leveling. The included socket and turn handle had the pin break at the socket and I had to improvise with an icepick for a temporary repair. A Camco socket that I purchased also for using fit perfect, but a 3/8\" drill wanted to burn out tring to raise the jacks. I plan to use something more powerful next time. I'd like to see some gearing on the crank to make the jack raise easier when leveling my rv. THe Jack does have the strength and ability to take the weight without any problem."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have been detailing cars and aircraft for forty years.I have tried almost every thing out there as far as waxes and cleaners go.I'm am a old school Simoniz guy. Yea, lots of work...but it works.I would always use a cleaner first, Dupont worked.I figured it might be time to try something new.So I tried the Mothers clay bar. Did not work well.I tried Meguires Clean and wax and that stuff is great.Tried Klasse, real good stuff.Micro fiber.. the more you spend, the better you get.The clay was a joke."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Very clever idea. Had to use on my 2013 Jeep Wrangler Unlimited Sahara with a lift kit and adjustable drop hitch. Spinning ball hitches for different sizes won't work in my case because the adjustable hitch height is a solid piece specific to the entire hitch. In order to tow my 2 different trailers I'd need 2 drop hitches. Interchangeable balls is the perfect solution and I have to say these are perfect. They work well and are rated around 8k pounds of towing. Saved a lot of money here compared to my closest towing accessory store."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This has a lot of uses beyond car applications. I used a sheet of it on the drywall behind in-wall speakers to cut the amount of sound radiating through the back wall and tighten the sound. I used a sheet of it inside a computer case, to eliminate a tinny rattle that came from the case vibration while it was on. You can even put pieces of it on the inside of washing machine or dryer panels to make them quieter.It does have one drawback, and that's the fact that once you stick it on something, you will not be able to get it off without making a big mess. It is essentially tar with a foil outer cover, and trying to get it off just leaves a bunch of sticky tar behind. So, choose the place you want it carefully before sticking it down!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Man I love amazon I never have to stand in a lne at a store ever again (: and prices are as good or better and the Prime membershiop is the best money you could spend I think..  This air head is the best I've used had a diferent one that would bend the dang schrader valve 1 out of 5 times But that was a totaly different item and dealIn all the hundreds of tansactions I've done with amazon just one was a problem that the seller will not honor their warranty on a a auto radiator"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have an auto alarm but the blinking led is in a place that is not noticeable to a potential thief. I put loop tape on the back and placed it on my dash and loaded it with 2 Amazon AAA batteries.  It has two flashing LEDs that alternated and really attracts attention.  Although it does have an on-off switch I left it on 24/7 for a Month and it's still going strong. Much longer than I expected.It is visible in the daytime so long as it's not 'directly' in the sun.Quite happy with this, good product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product will do what is says it will do.  That being said, it does not inspire confidence in heavy use situations.  It does not appear very rugged.  Nice that it comes with the mount, but again the mount is very thin and light and probably won't last very long.  Also, the wire coloring does not match with the standard US codes.  White is ground on the item, while in most cases in the US, black is the ground wire.  Where was this thing made?  Again, it is a good price, and a useful product, but just beware it might be very rugged or reliable.  Make sure to read the enclosed documentation so that you match your wiring correctly."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a must for anybody who wants to keep their car clean between washes. My car sits outside, in parking garages, and old sheds. All of them seem to dump tons of dust on my poor car. This model comes with the wood handle. Others out there have a cheap plastic one. Read the directions on the cover. You're suppose to let it air out after shipping. It has something to do with the wax on the brush. It also will tell you not to worry about it getting dirty. In fact its suppose to work better as it gets dirtier. The duster will work even better if you put a sealant and/or wax on your car. You'll find that you can pull a lot more material off your car. The duster will easily remove pollen, dust, and any other light coating of material. It will remove the dust from hard water and rain deposits, but you'll still see the marks if you look carefully. Buy this product. You're call will thank you!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use these to dry the car and also I have one that I use to apply the Meguiar Ultimate Detailer in between wash/waxes.These work well for both purposes, though you may need more than 3 for drying the car as they don't hold a huge amount of water.While I like them and they have held up well to heavy use and a few rounds of washing/drying in the laundry, there may be better values out there for microfiber cloths.I recently picked up Zwyper cloths on a lightning deal -- these may be a better microfiber cloth value if you can find them in a reasonably large size -- or another less established brand (maybe Amazon Basics makes them?)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My brother purchased one of these at a trade show for almost double what it sells for here. After I saw it, I had to have one too. This thing is put together very well, with quality parts and good fit and finish. If you have the water pressure, using this will probably allow you to roll a small dog or cat down your driveway (not that you should, but you'd be able to)! Operation is smooth and it's comfortable in the hand. Made in China."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "So far this battery charger is working very well have the unit about 6 months for a battery for a riding mower. I have been buying a battery every year so I thought I would try one of these units to see if it would make the battery last longer. I always took the battery out of the mower in the winter and placed it in the basement and had to charge it in the spring, but it's seamed that the battery would not last all year or the season anyway. I will find out this spring if it does work."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "At only $7.99, and based upon primarily positive reviews, I ordered one of these.  Arrived in sealed package, and I have tested on a couple of tires.  It works great!!!!  The ones I used for years were digital, (monkey grip brand) and the display \"lit up\", but not nearly as bright or noticable as this display - which illmuninates in bright red numbers.... very easy to see / read in low light.  Additioanlly, very comfortable to hold in your hand.  I had no problems getting it to seal over tire stem. (mine did not have a protective cover with sample numbers over display.)  I am satisfied, and ordered two more today to put inside a couple of towing vehicles."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If I wanted a SILVER colored horn like in the picture I supplied, I would have bought one of those. There are many of them for less than this.Fake! I am obviously upset.** UPDATE **: So, it is Dec 2012 and I am updating this. I found this exact same horn at the local auto parts store. It was black with the red stripe, and I bought it. Got home to swap out the horns and noticed the one I got on here was an FIAMM brand. So, I would guess whoever shipped me my stuff simply sent the wrong item. I never thought to check that it was the right brand, though.I have updated my star rating to 4. Can't find myself able to give it 5."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this as step 3 of the 3 step process which has as step 1 the Gold Pure Product and the Micro-Polishing Glaze as step 2.  This step is the hardest of the 3 and takes the same amount of time to do as steps 1 and 2 combined.  You could probably just use this on your clear coat finished vehicle and get excellent results.  The wax is pretty thick and it takes some effort to apply and some sustained effort to remove.  When you are finished you will have a smooth, shiny, mirror-like finish which is gorgeous.  Be prepared to dedicate an entire afternoon to do all 3 steps.  On my Mercedes SLK roadster it took 2 hours and I am very happy with the results."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was rebuilding a wear ring on a sportjet engine and needed to cover a large area with jbweld, make it perfectly smooth and even. Took 3 passes to get a perfectly smooth surface and it's stronger than the original! The tubes are really big too, I didn't even use 1/2 yet and you can sand it and shape it. My advise would be to use it sparingly if you need to get exact dimensions because this stuff gets VERY hard, sanding it by hand is hopeless for anything other than fine grit sandpaper. Also, rough sand between applications because it turns smooth, almost glass-like when it dries so you have to sand between the layers to make sure it doesn't flake. I used a dremel ultrasonic sander with rough paper to get the dimensions right and then hand sanded for smoothness only"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "We own an 2007 Toyota that was doing weird things.The old fuel cap had a broken seal where the cap fit up to the filler neck.The vehicle was showing different trouble lights and the codes from my reader did not make sense.I read somewhere that a bad fuel cap could cause these type of issues and thought I would give that a try.It is hard to believe a simple fuel cap seal could be the cause of so many strange readings.The only thing about this cap I do not like is there is no tether strap attached.You just have to remember to watch out for the cap when fueling the vehicle.The price through Amazon.com was easily one quarter the dealer parts dept. quote.Thank you Amazon for carrying this cap."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product really works great for any type of rubber/vinyl/plastic.  However, this item was purchased for a specific purpose, when you detail a car no matter how good you are you will get some wax splatter in places that you never intended, ie rubber weatherstripping, this stuff will take dried wax splatter off perfectly.  Highly recommend this product and highly recommend this item for any detailers bag.Advice use this product ASAP on dried wax, do not let the wax become sun baked!Also perhaps you'll have better luck than I, but I have yet to have one of these bottle arrive intact from Amazon, bottles are usually leaking contents upon arrival."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Never did this type of detailing to my cars before and was introduced to it by a friend.After getting the hang of using a clay bar on vehicle it is a truly impressive thing to see as it strips off all the junk our cars seem to accumulate over time and gets off the stuff that harms paint and makes it both LOOK and FEEL horrible!For the money both this kit and the Meguiar's are a great deal and even though it only has 2 clay bars there is plenty  to get the job done on a few cars for sure! You should definetly get a refill bottle of the detail spray since it needs to be applied liberally when doing the clay bar process. Having a gallon jub handy is good to do since you cant let this stuff dry out during the job!Cant say enough about this system of cleaning your car off from all the oxidation and grime that builds up over the years!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this for a while. Though hollow plastic I felt it was designed to hold a camper from rolling and it did. One day I forgot to remove it when pulling out and it seems to take very little pressure moving forward to flatten it like a pan cake so I though my 50,000 investment may be better served with a heavy duty galvanized wheel chock that wont give in and even let me move over it by mistake and let me know its holding solid if I ever did again roll forward over it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "So I bought this to replace my 20 year old, kicked around, same version of this gauge.  I had suspected my old one was not reading properly.  So I got this new one.  I am happy to report that the 20 year old one reads exactly the same as this new one.  So now I have a spare to keep in my other car.  The only thing I don't like about this model vs the old one is my old one had a little release valve. So it holds the needle where the pressure reading was till you press the release.  Very handy.  And it was my fault for not noticing it wasn't there on this new version.  Overall, I couldn't be happier with this product.  If you have a car, and have tires, and want them to last, having the correct tire pressure matters."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "HI,This product is a great product that helps you to eliminate rattles/vibrations when you are installing speakers into a vehicle's car doors, rear panels, decks, etc.  It does exactly that and it does it well.There are many claims about it stopping distortion, noise, etc....  However, it should be noted that if you are over powering a speaker..distortion will occur and no padding can stop that.Dynamat has been around for ever and continues to provide a solution that eliminates rattle and vibration.  Use it for that and you will agree that it is a 5 Star Product.  Expect miracles and you will be disappointed."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Makes level soooo easy. When I bought this I thought it seas just a simple bubble level. It is, but it is marked in inches of level error, so hat makes it super easy to level in one shot.  For example, it might show 3&#34; of &#34;unlevel&#34;, so you just use two 2x6 or 2 plastic leveling blocks and its right every time. We toured the entire US and stopped at more than 100 RV parks and campsites. I never one try to get the level right ( except when I put the blocks on the wrong side ! )"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use this cable with my solar kit and am very happy with the durable construction. I use a small solar panel to charge up my deep cell battery, and then attach these clamps to the positive and negative posts. Voila; an instant DC power socket.I also use these clamps on my car battery when I want to get the most watt power for electronic devices. When paired with a small USB inverter, I can get the full 140 watts from it, instead of the 100 watts available through my cigarette lighter.The cables are of middle thickness, but are smooth and well constructed. The clamps are secure when attached to battery posts, and easy to remove. The length is a bit on the spare side, but I understand that these cables cannot be too long and still provide useful electrical  juice. I'm pleased with this purchase, and plan to order a second one to live inside my car."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Tore the bumper on my RV. I do not blame this thing for the problem, the bumper just could not handle the force of two bikes and a bike rack ( total weight about 80 lbs ) running down a bumpy road. It started to tear a hole near the weld to the frame of the trailer. Did not notice it for a few days until I could see the bike rack sagging. Don't get me wrong, this thing is built VERY solidly ( and mounts perfectly to a 4&#34; square bumper ). I am really writing this to warn others thinking of using this as I did. You really need someone to weld something to the bumper to make it stronger ( or replace the bumper with a stronger one ) before using this, or maybe use a very light bike rack with a very light bike."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Can't say anything bad about the gun -- well constructed and built to last a lifetime. However, I see what people are talking about with the instructions. They're not really instructions. No parts labeled, nothing but a drawing of the unit itself, and another small diagram showing the spring release pulled back and locked. Other than that, the instructions literally consist of one 107-word run-on sentence that leaves you scratching your head. So just don't even read it, just throw it in the trash unless you want to laugh."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this to use with a Vivair air compressor that draws about 15A.  It will work off some accessory sockets, my bimmer works for instance, but not for very long without the engine running.  In my truck, the amp draw is high for the accessory socket and it is only active with the engine running.  This is a bit of a pain when you want to check and air up your tires.  So I clip this to the battery terminals and I am good to go.  The clips are not huge but work fine for me and the construction overall is fine.  It is nothing very fancy but it is well worth the modest price IMHO."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "There are plenty of spray waxes on the market.  I've used Mothers, Meguiars,  TW, Duragloss, and quite a few others.  There is nothing that comes close to the durability of Optimum.  It actually outlasts regular paste waxes.Pros:-Awesome durability for a spray wax-Real wax looks, great depth and warm glow-Super easy to use-Smells great-A little goes a LONG way, use sparinglyCons:-streaks when used on a hot car, though this really isn't a con, its more of a DUH.-streaks if you use too much, again, is that really a con?This is a huge value, while it appears it is more expensive than a regular spray wax, it goes twice as far easily, and I bet most people are used to using way more, and thus get streaking.  I'd estimate I get twenty, yes 2-0 cars per bottle.  Great stuff, my favorite spray wax for dark colors."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a great little unit... I actually own 4 of them.  I use them to maintain the batteries on my two motorcycles, the lawn tractor and my Porsche over the winter.  They are connect and forget, which is great.  Since they employ \"float charging\" there's no danger of overcharging a battery which can happen if you leave a regular battery charger connected too long.  I wouldn't recommend one of these to bring a fully discharged battery back to life since the charging output is so low, I'd use a regular battery charger instead.  But these units are great for their designed purpose and that is to \"maintain\" a battery during periods of inactivity.  I've had no problems with any of my 4 units.  By-the-way, you can also use the Deltran cables with this Schumacher unit.  Deltran also makes battery tenders and their extension and various connection cables are easier to find."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Used this to clean the vinyl in the interior of a 2011 Corvette that was supposed to be charcoal but had developed a chalky white nasty residue since delivered new from Bowling Green. This cleaner, sprayed on to a microfiber towel, removed all of it very easily and the best part is that it left no residue on the vinyl. It is alcohol based so don't spray it all over the place inside the car, spray on towel then clean. I then applied a coat of Meguiars Protectant Natural Shine with a sponge and wiped excess and the color is now a low luster (no gloss) charcoal that is beautiful as it was intended."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Meguiar's Deep Crystal line is meant as an inexpensive alternative to the more expensive Meguiar's product lines.  This liquid wax works very well, and contains Carnauba, but is not their best product.This product is Step 3 in the Deep Crystal line, and would be used after Step 1 (Wash) and Step 2 (Polish).  The product is applied by hand or dual action polisher then wiped off after it dries.  Very simple and effective.The \"look\" of this product is highly subjective, but it does not have the clarity or longevity of other Meguiar's waxes.  It should also be noted that this product has been discontinued, so don't get too addicted to it!  If you want a great carnauba wax from Meguiar's, look into Gold Class Carnauba Plus."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Purchased this product to remove a minor scratch, it ate through my clearcoat and left me with $400 in damage. Had an auto detailer look at the damage before getting it fixed, he asked what product caused it and I told him &#34;ScratchX 2.0&#34; - he replied &#34;Oh, I would never even use that stuff, it's too abrasive.&#34;Bottom line, from my experience with this product: do not purchase it under any circumstance unless you are very experienced working on cars.This is truly a one star item. Avoid at all costs."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This stuff works pretty well at removing light swirls and scratches.  They take seconds to get in your clearcoat and hours to remove if done properly.There were some deep defects that were diminished but I didnt want to burn through the clear as I have not done paint repair before.  This is the Pro version of Swirlx and I tried them side by side and this works better than Swirlx.  Maybe its the placebo effect but most of the swirls are gone without any damage to the paint using a cheap Harbor freight DA polisher and their orange compounding pad.  I did follow this up with Ultimate polish then Mirror glaze for a really good black finish."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "these look GREAT when mounted, and have been mounted for 6 months with stuff occasionally bumping them without falling off the side of my truck. the glow in the dark nub is removable thankfully, as the orange color is enough to find them in the dark. I tested these at the junkyard to see if they would \"actually\" work (i was skeptical) and my hand fell through the window after it, it took so little pressure. my girlfriend didnt even know I had broken it myself, since she was looking away and only saw the aftermath. I feel very re=assured with these next to me in my truck, and will buy them for any other vehicle I ever own, without a doubt."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use it all the time.  I use it to basically flood my engine via the intake/vacuum line.  I let it suck up about 2/3 of the bottle slowly without it killing the engine and then last 1/3rd I just push the vacuum line completely in the bottle and let the engine die essentially.  Then I let it sit anywhere from 30mins to overnight.  Next time you start the car, it will be smoking white smoke (as it burns off all the carbon build up that it helped dissolve) for maybe 5-10mins.  I do this about ever 6mo or so."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I just got a 99 XJ cherokee and the lift-gate struts worked fine in warm weather where I bought it, but when I got it home to the mountains they stopped working in the cold. I am spoiled by the nice struts on my 96 XJ, so I bought a set of the Strongarm struts here on Amazon due to many positive reviews here and in Cherokeeforum.com. I put these on the Jeep in about 20 minutes and all it took was a small flat-head screwdriver and a 10mm socket. It was way easier than I expected! I used an adjustable backcountry ski pole to hold the hatch up while I did the work and it worked just fine. The hatch now goes up and stays up all by itself and works perfectly so I'm extremely satisfied with the fit and function as well as the sweet deal for a pair of new ones here on amazon."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this to charge the battery on my 99 Lexus GS400.  The battery has gone dead a couple times and I was ready to buy a replacement but thought I would get this and try it.  Its a battery re-born!  Works like new now... this lil baby does a great job of slow charging and also tells you the battery percentage.  Its made well, very compact and is asthetically pleasing to the eye.  I also love that it has storage in the back to put the cables/clips for storage.If you need a battery charger...this is THE one to get!Buy with confidence!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've always had great experiences with Meguiar's products. This stuff works great and I used it on a Black car. A black car is very hard to keep the paint looking show room. I've used Detailing spray from local auto stores and they got nothing on this Meguiar's product. This stuff does not leave any smears but only if you use it under the sun it does and its very easy to wipe clean. This stuff removed deep water stains with ease that my car had, just use it under shade and cool car and you'll get a show room quality car."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Had it for a week, does what it says it does, but make absolutely sure the clips don't touch anything when it's attached. Positive alligator clip got close to inner hood liner and burned. Flamed up. Burnt the red plastic boot off and if i didn't blow the liner out (I freaked!), my vehicle would have gone poof! Pilot error? Bad design? Who knows.Edit: Just called Schumacher and they're replacing it, no problem. Upping my rating from a ** to ***. Thanks Schumacher."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a great product!  It brought back the original look and actually a nice satin-gloss look to my tires.I agree with other reviews, don't care for the Ultra Glossy finish some tire dressing produce and this is a restorer... it helps the rubber.  Just be aware that this is a strong and some what dangerous product, they warn that this can cause  cancer, and as a survivor of Melanoma from last year, I take this cautions seriously!  Just follow the directions, be safe, and enjoy the look this produces!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Got one of these mounted in my vehicle. Seems to have a quality build and a ok mount. Makes install a little easier, just remember that you'll have to get to this ASAP is something does happen so mount it somewhere you'll be able to get to even if you're upside down. ( Hopefully never ) This is just another one of those \"just incase\" tools that you carry and hope you never need. But better to have it and not need it, then to need it and not have it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Liquid Glass is a terrific polish that goes on easily, protects for months and actually creates a deeper shine with additional coats.  I don't know if I believe the hype that many coats of Liquid Glass create a scratch resistant shell on your paint, but as a meticulous car nut, I can say that Liquid Glass is the best polish I have ever come across.  This polish goes on easily with a microfiber cloth and comes off very easily with another microfiber cloth.  It is not a wax but rather a clear acrylic coating.  I highly recommend it.PROS: Long lastingDeep, superior shineEasy to apply / buff offCan be used in sunCONS: Cannot be used over existing coats of wax/polish (unless you use LG pre-cleaner)Fairly expensiveTough to remove cured polish once appliedI posted a picture of my Liquid Glassed blue Shelby above.  Good luck."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've been using one of these for years and I'm on my second one. This duster works exceptionally well and lifts the dust without dragging it around. I will NOT make a filthy car that hasn't been washed in weeks or months look clean. You must either keep your car in a garage, or use a cover like I do, and dust it daily to keep it looking clean. If I wash, clay bar, and wax my car I can go two months or perhaps more without washing it again, as long as I keep it covered, dust daily, and wipe it down weekly with an instant detailer. The fibers are impregnated with a paraffin wax so don't just lay it on something if you don't want it to be stained because of the wax and dirt. Also, if there is condensation on the car it really renders the duster ineffective so make sure it's dry before using it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this at the same time as a load equalizing hitch.  I wasn't sure I needed it as the trailer seemed to tow fine, but I thought it might be useful in high wind.  After towing with the sway control installed, I plan to use it whenever I am towing.  It seems to cancel out a lot of the small movements created by the trailer and makes the tow vehicle ride better and feel more stable.  The only disadvantage I have found is that the sway control \"groans\" going around corners.  This is one of those \"that is just the way it works\" situations, but it would be nice if it were quieter.  It also adds another step to hitching up the trailer, but the sway control is very easy to install and remove.  Overall, a worthwhile addition even for a trailer that tows well already."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "First of all of the 3 car wash and waxes Meguiars has, this is the cheapest one, and as you should expect it does the least good to the car. Second I tried an older version of this product but am rating this The two others made by Meguiars, gold class car wash shampoo and conditioner as well as ultimate wash and wax do noticbly better than this but are also more expensive, however turtle wax wash and wax does it just as good with little or not water spots. Others cost more but will be worth it, I mean how often do you wash your car? for most people not very often, at the most 3-4 times a year, so you might as well use a nice product, not a cheap one like htis"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was a little skeptical of this product at first, but now I love it. I had bought a chemical Guys spray detailer and hated it and returned it due to streaking. Then I ordered this stuff because I wanted a better product and I trust Meguiar's. I was immediately impressed right out of the jug. This cleans very well and does not streak at all. It is priced right for sure, I would probably pay $30 for the gallon. Pick up a spray bottle and you're in business for a while with this detailer. You can use it on windows and basically every surface of your car. It takes me 10 minutes to clean my whole car now, amazing."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I got a power plug to power plug style &#34;jumper&#34; device for my daughter, in case the 12V battery on her Prius dies.  Since the Prius doesn't use the 12V battery to start the motor, she doesn't need real jumper cables.  However, it's a keyless ignition, so she will not be able to jump power plug to power plug.  The battery on the Prius is has small terminals, so these are a nice size and should do the job of getting power from someone else's light to her battery."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "what I needed was rewireable or pigtail 2-pin connectors but those don't seem easy to find. maybe if there was an RV store near me, but...but honestly finding this was even better. and the price is unbelievable.(what I really needed these for, is to cut in half and reverse the polarity. yeah, I know, danger will robinson. but it turns out that chaining up certain other connectors on my solar system results in wrong polarity in the first place, so to fix that... yeah, it scares me too.)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Our Chevy truck has chrome on the forward facing part of the mirror.  After using these mirrors for a few camping trips, it ended up getting a little scuffed.  It wasn't bad, but it was noticable.I would have taken them off after each trip, but the installation (although not overly difficult) was not easy enough for me to do so every day.As for functionality, the mirror is a little small, and although it DID give me increased visiblity, it wasn't quite what I was expecting.Maybe I was expecting too much from this mirror, but I couldn't bring myself to give it 5-stars.  I'll keep using them (especially since the chrome is already scuffed!!!), but this isn't a 5-star item."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a GREAT product (what isn't from Mothers honestly??) to buff up and polish plastics.  I used this for my upper third brake light for my ranger and it took the dull hazy out of it and made it nice and shiny.  Used it also on the plastic on the gauge cluster and it made it nice as well.I would NOT use this to polish the headlights... get a kit that is DESIGNED for headlight restores, that is a multistep process...etc.  This has minor abrasives but once buffed out leaves the plastic with a nice smooth almost deep finish to it.  I'm sure it has oils to put back into the pores of the plastic.Overall a solid product to bring back some life in dull and worn looking plastic pieces.  Plus it doesn't break the bank...Thanks,-Nige"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "At about 3 bucks a piece they are an excellent buy. As all the other 5 star reviews have noted, they are soft and versatile. They do an amazing job on windows and mirrors. They are 16x24.I rated them 5 stars because they are excellent and an excellent value too.If you are looking for the next level, or you really want something dedicated to just babying your paint job, then these Cobra towels (  Cobra Miracle Towel 6 Pack ***NEW*** ) are pretty awesome. These towels run about $7.80 each with shipping, they're plusher, 70/30 towels and although they are the same size, 16x24, they seem a lot bigger and they feel much nicer.Darin"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "There is absolutely nothing to set on this charger. You connect it and you wait for it to charge a battery.  It is one of the few that I have seen that will automatically detect 6 and 12 volt batteries and I have about a dozen different kinds of chargers.  It also detects reverse polarity and the little lights are easy to see and interpret.  The clips it comes with are better than the usual kind being shaped for more effective gripping of terminals and larger.The product literature claims it has tempreature compensation and desulphation, but I have not verified either by actual tests."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Very well constructed but it has a design flaw that makes it useless. The internal plunger has a disc with a slot and the T handle needs to engage the disc perfectly or the rod pushes into the grease and not the disc so the grease does not load properly. I have 4 other standard grease guns and these work perfectly but I wanted the pistol grip so I could pump with one hand.I have not idea what the intended purpose is in having the rod disengage from the plunger disc as this is unique in my experience to the Lincoln grease gun."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used [[ASIN:B000AMLWH8 Meguiar's Quik Interior Detailer Cleaner, 16.oz] on two cars.ProsMild non-offending fragrance gives a fresh smellIt is a good cleaner at its price pointConsDoes not remove makeup stains around vanity mirrorsDoes not remove grime \"cooked\" on vinyl dashboardDoes not clean much--too mild perhapsThe bottom line is if you are going to spend time cleaning your car, get a cleaner that actually cleans.  I used [[ASIN:B002L2EI1C Griot's Garage 11104 Interior Cleaner - 35 oz.]] with thisGriot's Garage 11022 Finest Sprayera week after and it cleaned grime that this quick detailer perfumed.  If you have leather seats then instead getGriot's Garage 11259 Leather Care Spray Kit."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Used this on two cars, one silver and one black.Both were done on a cool day in the garage after a clay bar routine.The silver car was super easy and looked great when finished. It came off even easier and faster than I expected using micro-fiber cloths.The black car took more work and had swirls at first. I hit it with an orbital buffer and the swirls were gone.Highly recommend two applications of this for full coverage. It goes fast enough that two applications are no big deal."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've put these on my motorcycle (DL650K7 if it matters) and although they are definitely whiter (4100K vs. 3500K of the stock bulbs), they don't seem to be much brighter or projecting noticeably wider beams. The only instrument in my posession is a photo light meter and it shows the difference of about 1/3 of a stop, which is rather negligible. Nevertheless, I like the whiter light, and I think that $40 is the right price for such an upgrade. Surprisingly for a Japanese cycle, the stock lights were also Sylvanias, so I expect these to last (one who rides should always carry a spare set of bulbs anyway)."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this wheel cleaner this past weekend on my stock painted alloy wheels. They had become dirty with brake dust and road grime and the drive through car wash was no help. With the nice weather I treated the car to a personal car wash. I followed the instructions and the wheels are clean. The only problem is you need to use a lot of the foaming spray to cover the wheels various surfaces. On my car one 24 oz. bottle should cclean the four wheels twice. Since this is the first wheel cleaner of this type I'm not sure if that expensive. However, I'm very please with the easy no touch results."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It is always nice when a product shows up and turns out to be better than you thought.  This is higher quality than I expected for the price.Easy enough to install.  Only issue for me is that the screws go all the way through the wall.  Just barely mind you but never the less.  They are in a spot where nobody will come in contact with the points and I will likely just take the screws out, put a washer in to act a spacer and then there will be no screw points sticking out."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've tried just about every sealant (with the exception of NuFinish) to protect my cars finish. This is the easiest to apply and remove. I put 5 coats on my 2001 Jeep that's parked in the sun day after day, 5 coats on my new car that's protected in the garage. The old Jeeps look like a late model SUV now thanks to Liquid Gold and new headlights. Wax in the Southern sunshine has very low lasting power, so after I wash my cars, I just follow up with Macguires Quick Detail Spray. I'm sorry that I wasted my money on all the other &#34;sealants&#34; that were near backbreaking to remove, never lasted half as long, and never provided the new car shine. It's been around awhile, but it's performed better than any of the &#34;professional&#34;, highly rated products I've tried. The price may seem a bit high, but there's a lot of car coverage in one can."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I recently bought a 2011 Hyundai Tucson loaded to the gills and was astonished at how impossibly wimpy the single note factory horn was.  Leather seats, nav, panoramic sunroof, bluetooth, backup camera, kick-*ss sound system with subwoofer and iPod integration, etc., all kinds of toys.  Yet the factory horn sounds almost as robust as the horn in the 1966 VW bus my family had when I was a kid.  \"Meep meep.\"  Note I said the Hyundai horn was ALMOST as robust as the '66 VW.  I think the VW horn had a little more oomph.  What was Hyundai thinking??I found a Hyundai tech to swap the original Hyundai/Kia P.O.S. horn with this item and the results are awesome.  My first ever new-car mod and it worked out great."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've used the Meguiar's professional line for years and couple them with the Meguiars pads used on a Porter Cable 7424 random orbital polished.  Results are outstanding.  This time, I had to rescue the finish from an incompetent transport company that wiped down the car dry trying to be &#34;helpful&#34; leaving it a mass of swirl marks.  Even this wasn't abrasive enough to remove them, had to go the low cut cleaner first then this polish and all is right with the world.  Two potential problems with this product - if you use an orbital polisher that isn't random, you'll likely burn through your paint if you are not a pro.  Second, DO NOT let the product dry before wiping off and when wiping off, a very damp cloth helps a lot.  Change the cloth (micro fiber preferred) frequently (I use about a dozen to do a small Mazda Miata as they will load up quickly).  Use the product sparingly - a little does a lot."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Slime is a really great product.  You can use it on any tire from your garden tiller to your SUV.  The bottles come in different sizes to cover a range of tire sizes.  You need to own some sort of tire pump to apply this product to the tire and usually that means some sort of air compressor.  A bicycle pump will work for bike tires, though.Slime doesn't have a pressurized propellant in the bottle, so there's no danger to you or to a tire technician.  It can be a little messy if you decide to remove a tire from its rim.  A small price to pay for a safe and effective product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This tool was just what I needed for a difficult to access connector. Lots of under hood connectors get very brittle and fragile with age but this worked great in my application and I was able to lift the retaining snap just enough to remove it without breakage. Will it work every time...probably not but it always helps to have the right tool for the job to minimize frustration. The tool I received had a grey handle not red like the picture. Not a big deal for me but thought it was worth mentioning for people who care about that..."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Had my battery tender plus for just over 2 years and it worked great for those 2 years maintaining the battery in an antique car. Recently I put it on the battery on my daily driver and the charge light didn't come on. Testing on several other batteries seems its lost its status lights and all its regulation and just puts out a constant 15 volts now cooking whatever battery I hook it up to. Their tech support was rude and unknowledgeable. Of course their warranty is a joke since it will cost 50% of its value just to make use of their warranty. I considered buying another but with so many other choices now on the market I can't rationalize the battery tenders high price. I replaced it with a Vector for the same price which has twice the features."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have my daylighters mounted near the side pillars of my pickup and these guards clean up the look nicely. It also cuts down on the glare that shines onto the hood from my mounting location. I cant tell a huge difference on light output, so that is a plus. They lock on so secure that I have actually cut my hand on them trying to get them off. Wont lose them on the trail and its a nice deterrent to anyone looking to walk by and just pull it off to walk off with it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "There are definitely some advantages to this over a traditional flare. It will last much longer, and it has a magnetic base that is strong enough to hold it on a metal part of your car.  The battery cap screws on and has a gasket in case it is raining. It is also compact and lightweight.The disadvantage is that it isn't anywhere near as bright as a flare. It has a single LED that is very directional. If it was placed on the road in front of a car it would be very easy to overlook.I think a folding triangle with reflective tape along with a couple of flares would be a safer alternative.Sean P. Logue, 2010"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Had I been thinking I would have taken before and after shots of the flute cleaning.  Basically, the flute hadn't been used in over 30 years and sat around becoming dull and oxidized.  Needless to say, after some dabs of Flitz and about 10 or more squares of paper towels, it looks brand new!  The paper towels and my hands were so black with oxidation, it was truly amazing.This stuff has done it all for me and I can easily say it is the best cleaner an polish out there.  Hands down."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is one other item you need for your Hi-Lift jack. This allows you to lift curved bumpers, or ones without notches in them specifically for this type of jack. Great small accessory that goes well with the jack itself. Heavy duty and will last many years. I did modify this with some rubber to not mar metal finish of my bumpers though. If you have plastic bumpers, don't use this, it will leave marks. A friend of mine did that with my jack and them complained. Like it was the jacks fault he was stupid. This is metal and could scratch if you are trying to lift someone that is softer material. Comes with bolts that look too small but do the job. I added larger ones that are stronger, but the ones that come with it are rated for the correct weight loading. You need this for your jack. Will help with some fence posts of odd shape as well."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My brakes look really good even after a winter here in Germany. It's important to prepare the calipers thoroughly before painting or the paint may start to peel prematurely I believe. I followed the directions and all seems good. I used a couple of coats to make sure it covered all the calipers and it looked more shiny too. My brakes are pretty dusty, so they get dirty easily and I have to clean them quite often. The brakes on my GTI don't seem to get as dusty and they are factory painted, but I don't think the paint has anything to do with it. It was also enough paint to probably do 2-3 cars easily. 2 coats each."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Was lost as to how to get, replace wiper blades at 26 inches on my Fleetwood Flair, (1996) motor home. Went to RV FORUM and there was the answer, purchase a set of  Anco 48-17 9.5mm Straight End Adapter and then pickup wiper blades as these and,,,, oh boy,,, remove old screws (2 per arm), might be tight so I used pointed vise grips to remove. Install new adapters and new wipers for the price of one RV wiper blade or less. I also used plastic tie to hold blade to adapter. THEY WORK GREAT,,,, thanks all for the help,,, STEAMING ON DOWN THE ROAD,,,"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Can see the same welding issues as the other users, though I'm not sure if it would affect the maximum load (2 tons) the jack stands can hold. Sturdy jack stands, might be slightly high for some cars, depending on what you are trying to do (being too high isn't awful - you just need to jack your car up a little more).Overall, simple no frills car jack stands. Has a safety pin mechanism to to keep the jack stand locked, as well as the regular locking handle."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have used about every car detailer on the market for my Corvette as it goes to several shows a year. The Mothers brand caught my eye and even though it cost a little more than some of the other brands it is an excellent product. Easy to apply and wipes off with a nice shine. When I arrive at the show site, I take out my spray bottle of Mother'sCalifornia Gold and touch up any places needed so I have a great presentation for viewers.I have never had a poor product from Mothers.This is an update--I was out of this product and stopped at the car parts store and they were out of stock so I purchased a substitute which did an excellent job however I paid almost 80% more for the substitute product and the Mother's Detailer was equal to the higher priced product. I still think this is the best buy for detailer on the market."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "used it on a surface on my BMW 328ic near the trunk area. I had 2 little spots approx. 1x2&#34; on the left and right that had rust forming UNDER the rubber gasket... I brushed of the rust with a dremel type tool and metal wheel brush to clear all rust and paint and used this on top. let dry for a day before repainting and applying clear coat. It does not seem to penetrate the little rust remaining as other products. I used &#34;Rost-Egal&#34; from Germany many many years I lived there and that has been the best product so far. You use it once and just know it works. With this very liquid product I am not so sure... It did not even seem to &#34;stick&#34; very well to vertical surfaces. For the next job I will look for a &#34;thicker&#34; product that will cling more to the treated area."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought a set of these ramps and they flat out don't work on my 2010 Dodge Ram 1500 4x2.  In my garage and/or on an asphalt parking lot they don't stay put.  When I drive up them they slide forward and my truck just scoots them along.  I have to \"hold\" them in place by using rubber floor mats and/or wood stoppers.  Yes, they have the rubber feet on their base but they don't hold.  Hate them....and wouldn't buy them again.  I returned them."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If it works, it works pretty good.  Chances are you will get one with a missing O ring though.  Several people on car forums I am a member of receive defective items including myself.  I called customer service after multiple emails went unanswered.  I told them I think it was missing an o ring because it would not hold a vaccum.  They said \"yep it might be\" and that was it, no \"we will get one right out to you\" or ship it back for an exchange.  They were very rude.  I just sealed it with some gasket maker and it works now but looks terrible.  I would go with a different unit with beter quality control."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Very handy to toss in the trunk.  Using this will protect your ciggy lighter socket that could get overloaded.  Every car should have one. I use it for an air pump and a very powerful camp light.Note, most lighter plugs are limited to around 10 amps by fuse or circuit breaker in addition they have long run of small (higher resistance) wire to the jack which 'may' cause a voltage drop to your equipment.Short of 'hard wiring directly' this is the next best thing.This has none of that and of course it's the same as hooking directly to the battery so know what you are doing (sparks, load, polarity, fingers)...You might also want to pick up a heavy duty male to female ciggy plug extension cord..."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Very light and easy to store. Fan noise is very noticable but it stays in the garage so who cares.  I love the LED readout for % charged and volts when plugged in and attached to battery.  Very pleased the the charger but for those of you who like the feel of a heavy metal constructed unit that can take a beating this is not your cup of tea.  All plastic and the buttons seem equally flimsey but so far they work well. Time and use will tell how long they will hold up."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this product due to the fact that I was (unfortunately) involved in a small collision, where another driver hit my passenger side of my car, backing up. Anyway, there was decent scratches all along both passenger side doors, as well as white marks from the offending vehicle.After cleaning the area lightly, and applying this with the Meguiars Applicator pads (which weren't cheap, but ended up being worth it), many of the scratches which were an eyesore were actually gone. I applied this for around 3 minutes on bad areas, and 1-2 on minor areas, working it in and adding more as I massaged the scratches.This isn't a miracle cure for paint by any means, but it for sure masked many scratches that weren't too deep. Unfortunately, it doesn't last if you wash the car, or even if the car gets wet in a mild rain shower.I would not recommend this product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product is great on tires!!!! It's not runny and sticks well to the tires. For some reason it smells great to? Anyhow, wear some latex gloves and use a sponge like applicator to apply the gel. After a couple uses your tires will have soaked it in to the point that you will only need to use a dirty rag to wipe the dust and grime off the tires and they will actually still have a shine!! I recommend this product....&#34;PS works great on exterior trim as well.&#34;Dec. 16, 2013"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The GM bumper connector has its own cap to keep the weather out, and so does this Adapter. But I really wouldn't leave this adapter plugged in all the time because the GM connector then is not sealed.This adapter fits well, with a locating keyway that fits the groove of the GM connector, aligning all the pins correctly. It's a tight fit so that it won't fall out in case the cable to your trailer has enough weight to tug on this adapter to any significant degree.I don't have any illumination problems so the LED functions are not fully tested.  Frankly, I do a walk-around after hooking up anyway, with marker lights and flashers on to check that everything works.  I presume the LEDs will tell me if there's an issue some day."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had purchased two of these drying towels as I had read that these may not work as well as advertised. WAS I WRONG! The towel easily soaked up all the water that was coming off the car, leaving it spotless. I had a friend help me with the second towel and I was able to dry my car in record time and not have any water marks left on the paint. I just slid the towel over any parts with water and it left no trace of water and a clean shine to my car."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have one of these jacks supporting the rear of my trailer in the driveway, it is rock steady even with four people in the trailer. I like it that these are light weight (steel jack stands can be quite heavy) and I like that these come apart easily and stack up into a compact set for storage.As far as using these for camping: hmmm. They are really too short for my camper, so I'll need to haul 2x6 pieces around to raise them up. Also, the head (the piece that touches the frame of the trailer) doesn't swivel well under load and can pop off of the frame while you are raising the stand. And the steel parts (the nut and the screw) aren't galvanized so they rust."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "So many people who clean their own cars never clay (most never heard of it).  It's so simple to do, just once every few months do a clay of your car. This kit is great, because it includes a bottle of Quik Detailer. You spray the Quik Detailer, rub the clay, and *bam* watch your car shine.If you want to save money, you could just buy the clay seperately and use some sort of liquid.  Clay does require a liquid application in order to work.  But if you just want to save hassle and get it all in one shot, do this.  Then you can figure out how to save money after you've got the hang of claying."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a nice, sturdy guage to check spark plug gap.  However, it has only an inch scale, with no metric equivalent on the reverse side.  So if you plan on gapping your plug to a metric value, forget this guage.  Even so, it felt good to use and not at all flimsy.  It's smoothly finished and the marking are clear and legible, making it easy to read.  Well worth what I paid for it.PS. Another reviewer said the one he received had the metric markings on the back side.  I found no such markings on mine -- perhaps the one I received was defective.  In any event, that doesn't alter my rating.  I still like it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've had a bottle of this in my garage for years, and it is great to put on threads to keep them from seizing.  I put it on basically every bolt that I might ever have to remove again.I only wish the package was better.  The brush is very messy.  I always end up using my finger, but a fine tipped squirt bottle would be perfect.Other than that, its a great product.  Also, unless you are a professional mechanic, 8 oz's will last a lifetime."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have used these for over 10 years as well as natural sheep skin chamois. This works very well. If you wring it out (edges too) it doesn't streak, leave water behind, and works about as well as a natural chamois. It will also last for years if left damp and stored in the plastic container, (nope don't dry it). Then why use a natural chamois?  Well for me there is something about the shine left behind with a natural chamois. I'm 69 years old and have used those since a teenager. Now that maybe just a memory lane thing since this works just fine. If you don't want to dry, and as I do stretch and soften a natural chamois after use, then get this. It works very well, plus I have never found anything synthetic, that works as well. (Believe me I've tried a lot different ones too. Haaa)  I do recommend it. Hope this helps someone."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Works like it is supposed to.  I don't know if I really prefer the squeeze bottle to the spray oil, as both work.  The advantage is supposed to be that you are able to know how much oil your filter requires and can measure it out of the bottle.  I've only used the kit once on the filter on my boat, which is the stock filter and I have no idea the amount of oil it is \"supposed\" to have, so I just applied it as instructed like you normally would.  Good price on Amazon for the kit!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have had this item on my jeep for just about 2 years now.  I need it because of the 35 inch tire on my tailgate covers access to the normal hitch area.  It has been used to haul many items and has worked flawlessly.  ( trailer 5x10, boat, 16ft, and a cargo cart with 300lbs in it )  It has zero rust on it and I am very impressed with it over all.  Also noted that I do a lot of 4x4ing with my jeep and have dropped the rear end off a few steep drops and this extension caught the weight of the jeep without any sort of damage to it.  A++ in my book!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This does not only protect, but cleans stains, road film etc. off the paint and bring its to nice clean shine. My cars have ranged from light colours (white and silver) to darker colours (red and blue) and this works perfectly to clean and protect. Sometimes, depending on how dirty the paint was,  2 applications would be done to restore the finish. Safe on clear coats and glass this is perfect. Also, one heavy shower does not remove the wax. Give it a try."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this to clean an expensive set of whitewall tires before selling a classic car at auction and it was a big mistake! I bought this because I wanted to use something safe to clean the whitewalls. It did OK on the white area, as in it didn't ruin it. The black part of the tires ended up discolored with streaks. It looked horrible! The tires looked better before I used it!409 and Simple Green do a better of cleaning than this product.I will never trust this brand for any product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I love this tire gauge. It's cheap, accurate and easy to use. The angle of the gauge is perfect for easily pushing it onto the valve stem and it has a nice little area to put your thumb on to apply pressure.One thing I will note is that you have to hold the gauge on the stem for a couple seconds before it will register a reading. This was not something I was used to and kept popping it off too early only to get a zero reading. At first I thought it was defective until I finally decided to read the directions (I know, but seriously, for a tire gauge?). So yeah, read the directions first :) I try never to be one of those reviewers that hastily returns and gives a 1-star review to a product when it's not the product that is defective, it's the reviewer."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "it stays stuck, on fiberglass at least.  easily cut to shape.  seems to protect.  i'm using it on the bellypan of my motorcycle track fairing, which is fiberglass.  i'm told fiberglass won't bubble like stock type fairings will, so i may not have needed it.  but i put it on just in case, and whether it's because i didn't need it or the stuff is working, but my paint isn't bubbling.  which is all i care about."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this to try on my travel trailer with a gel coat finish. It worked very well, went on easy, wiped off clean, pleasant odor, removed stains and marks. I enjoyed using it compared to a lot of other products I have tried over the years. I have found that Meguiar products generally are quite good. Price is not great but reasonable - I was satisfied and will purchase this product again. Oh yeah, I should have mentioned that I applied by hand with terry cloth towel and removed with microfiber cloth."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this to simply pop the lower ball joint on my 2006 Land Rover LR3 with 70K miles. I couldn't use the venerable pickle fork, so I had to breakdown and buy a front end set. This kit paid for itself in this one job alone. The dealer wanted over $700 for this job; It cost me $200 for parts and $94 for this kit. I used the longest puller for my job and it easily popped off the ball joint with just a couple of cranks with a normal length 1/2 drive breaker bar. The puller didn't even flinch. No warps or bends in the claws.I suspect this kit will serve me for life since I won't be abusing it with a commercial rate of use. I do work on cars more than the average backyard mechanic and I am confident you don't need to drop $400 more on a commercial grade name brand set."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "First off, don't get turned off by the name, Yellow is the color of the stuff, it won't turn your paint yellow!  It does look great on yellow paint though, also reds and darker colors like dark blue and black.  For lighter colors you are better off going with something else, Collinite 845 is a great choice.Pros:-DRIPPY wet looks.  You'll want to grab a towel and dry your paint, its that wet!-Decent durability, approx 2-3 months on a car parked outdoors-Fills in minor swirling-Leaves paint nice and slickCons:-Stains trim (rubber, black plastic)-Needs to be applied very thin, otherwise it can be hard to take off-Can streak if used on a hot surface or if too much is usedOverall, this is a great wax that has been around for a very long time because it looks so great.  its a total steal at the price."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I would not have believed it if I didn't try it for myself. The Onan generator on my toy hauler would not start and I tried new gas, but the lights would blink that the generator needed service and would not stay running. I poured a little more than the recommended dose in the tank and kept starting the generator. After I felt I got some of the fuel into the generator carb I left it overnight. When I came out the next morning and started it the generator fired up, blew out some white smoke and ran like a champ. I let it run for an hour under full load of the A/C. The generator fires up every time now and runs great."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I got this to plug in to my lawn mower a few weeks till spring to make sure the battery had a good charge, since I had to use a motorcycle to jump it earlier in the winter, to see if it worked after I bought it (came with the house). This Battery Tender did the job. I plugged it in for a few weeks, and then when it came time to start up the mower, it had no issues.The small size of the unit is a plus, as it is easy to store when not in use."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I closed the garage on my car by accident while backing out.  Not sure what happened but my stupid &#34;smart car&#34; didn't detect the garage door closing and it closed on my trunk!  So much for technology making life easier.  Back to &#34;looking back&#34; instead of depending on sensors and my back-up cam.Any how, the garage door put a huge scratch on my trunk and taillights.  I was able to remove all the surface scratch on my trunk and it looks good as new!The scratch on the chrome molding and taillight was too deep and couldn't be removed.  But I knew that when I got this.  This product is great for those light scratches.Easy to apply and easy to buff out.  I just use a regular cotton towel.  Microfiber towels are too soft."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this for a small RV modification. My RV has a pretty clunky means of getting our freshwater hose into the water bay--essentially a removable floor pan that has a corner cut out for the hose.  So you remove the floor pan, route your hose, then replace the floor pan with the corner cut-out allowing the hose to pass through.  The trouble with that is that any bends or movement in the hose results in the floor pan lifting out of place.  I wanted something more secure to keep critters out of my water bay, so I'm using this.  I will mount it to a new floor and then screw that floor down permanently.  I have used these before for water hoses, and though it says &#34;electric cable hatch&#34; it will work fine for a standard RV freshwater hose too."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a very unique finish on the tins of one of my bikes; it's a triple plate gold with a clear coat finish and for six months I couldn't wax it, polish it or generally touch it. Even now I have to be very careful with the products that I use on it, but I've never had a problem with Meguiar's final inspection. In fact even when I wasn't allowed to wax the finish, I still could use FI 34 to remove dust from the bike. When I don't have time to wash, polish and detail the bike a quick squirt of this ingenious product and a wipe down with a MF cloth and I'm on my way. Bike looks new!It lasts and lasts too - although that could because I'm using it on a bike! Ultimately, always have a bottle of this in your garage regardless of your vehicle type."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "We only have stabilizing jacks on the back of the trailer so we do use the tongue jack as a stabilizer too.  My husband always carried a bucket of pieces of 2 x 4s to support the post.  We decided to try this reasonably priced jack stand instead.It is VERY heavy-duty and does a perfect job.  They sent us a red one, not the black as shown in the photo, but that doesn't effect my rating at all.  For the money, this is an excellent accessory."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used Mothers California Gold Clay Bar to clean my car's paint before using DA polisher.  I washed my car two times and then used Mother's clay bar.  Even after two washes, when I ran my hand on the paint to feel the surface before and after claying I could feel the difference.  After claying the paint was appreciably smoother.The application was very easy - just spray the included solution and slide the bar on the paint, knead the clay when it smudges appear.  The box warns that if the bar is dropped it has to be discarded, so I was mindful of not dropping it and I did not.  It was quite easy to hold and use.The only thing I did not like about this product is that the solution smelled like cinnamon.  I am not a fan of cinnamon and that smell is unpleasant to me.Overall, this is a great product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I never thought of using paste wax, I used the liquid version of this wax, I was very pleased with the results, but the paste was way easier to use. The container comes with an application sponge which can be stored in the tin. It was less messy than liquid, I can never go back to a liquid now. I'm not sure about the durability of the wax, but since I use a spray wax regularly and a good detailer.....dirt has no chance of stickin to my car's paint.I will buy this wax again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This thing really does work excellent.  I used it to cycle out old gas in plastic cans into my car.  The new CARB compliant cans take forever to pour because they don't have a pressure hole.  I put the can on the trunk of the car, and put the siphon in each end.  A couple of shakes, and it started flowing until it was empty.  It took about 3 minutes for 5 gallons.What it didn't work for was trying to siphon gas out of my generator back into a gas can.  The gas tank was too shallow and there wasn't enough room to shake the siphon to get a good flow.  If you have a pump with deflate on it, you can still use this to get it started."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This dries clear.  First time using this and only because I could not find rustoleum rust reformer red can.  I may not be being fair to this brand since I just began testing it.  I just prefer rustoleum because it has acceptable anti-rust capabilities and already is black.I sprayed this on some parts of 1996 truck as well as on a metal plate.  Rusty but no rust flakes.  Then metal plate was finished with 2 coats of rustoleum high temp semi gloss.  I'll see what happens.I use the rust converter mainly on underbody of the truck as rust treatment and a finish.  I am not really looking for a long term or a permanent fix."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Meguiar's Quik is cheap, which is great as long as your interior is already pretty clean. It has no intrinsic cleaning power of it's own beyond that of water. In other words, it will clean exactly as well as a damp cloth. Any dirt that can't be lifted with a damp cloth will stay put. It does have a nice scent, which dissipates in a matter of hours. You'll probably want a more effective product if your car gets a lot of use and/or carries many passengers."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "so i used this to basically pressure wash my muddy ATV. it worked surprisingly well. nothing like a pressure washer but just turn on water and use this and i got 90% of it off. i had hoped for a little more power on the high pressure setting but cant really expect much i guess.i dont know how often ill use it, maybe for playing with my son, but i like the &#34;gentle soak&#34; spray. its much wider and useful than just the hose without a nozzlei would say the best 2 features are 1. the ability to shut it off going either direction and 2. even if its not much more powerful than your typical nozzle there is no holding a handle, or holding your finger over the hose to get pressure. feels like it should last a long time"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The three year old Bosch wiper was squeaking because it'd turned stiff and wouldn't flip over on the opposite stroke. I replaced it with Rain-X. The wiper streaked along its entire length after installation when I used my windshield washer. I'd hoped that in a heavy rain it would clean up and work well. WRONG! It got worse and my visibility was so poor that I felt that driving was dangerous. Luckily I didn't have far to go before I could change it. I've always liked the Rain-X liquid so felt that I could trust the brand. Maybe I got a bad one but I've never had this happen with other brands. I won't chance buying these again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I ordered this polish to clean up my aluminum wheels as demonstrated on a YouTube video. It did a good job with the wheels but I also tried it on the oxidized headlight lenses of the car as well. I didn't use any powered buffing wheel as I wasn't sure of the effect on the plastic. However, it didn't take too much rubbing to totally restore the clarity of the lenses. I've also used this on brass and it really worked there too. A little bit goes a long way so this tube should last quite a while."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I suppose you could use this without first using the Gold Pure Polish and you will get a reasonably shining car.  However, if you want to do the job right, start with the Gold Pure Polish to get the pollution and other crime removed from your finish and the proceed with this glaze.  The glaze is not very thick so be careful squirting it out of the bottle.  This product goes on easily and comes off easily.  Afterwards your vehicle will be shiny, however to go all the way you need to finish the job with the Gold Carnauba Wax.  You need to commit to an entire afternoon to do all three steps."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is great wax! It truly deserves the Gold Class name. I use this after the Meguiar's Ultimate Polish. I also have migrated to a 6 in buffer/polisher. I used to do all of my polishing and waxing by hand, and with the buffer, this turns out great. I have an 89 LeSabre that is Black Sapphire in color. Before using the polish/wax combo, it looked more like a darker blue. Nothing really deep. After polishing and waxing, it now looks like the black in black sapphire. It looks great in the shade, as it should and looks beautiful in the sun. There is a nice deep, glassy color, and I am pleased with the results. The water also beads very nice, too."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The main reason I like this style frame is that the license plate goes on top of the frame, no part of the frame obscures anything on the plate.  Most bulkier frames cover about a 1\" wide strip at the top and/or bottom of the plate.  In some states this may be illegal, not sure about my state, PA.I have a \"vanity\" plate, and found most typical frames cover the text at the bottom of the plate.  This frame is only visible around the perimeter of the plate, which gives it a very nice appearance without getting in the way or being gaudy.The only complaint I have is that the chrome will begin to pit and flake after a few years, this is the second frame I purchased.  The first one lasted about 4 years.  However, for the cost, a new frame every few years is still a good deal to improve the look of a plain plate mounted on the car."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was looking for a new chamois to replace the old worn out one I had.  I ran across the Absorber, and the reviews wore great on this product.  So, I decided to give it a try.  I'm SO glad I bought it!! It really is the best chamois/absorbent drying towel I've ever seen!! After drying your car (or whatever you are trying to dry off), just toss it in your washing machine. It comes out looking brand new again!!  You really can go wrong---buy this product!!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I just got one for my 2001 Chevy Suburban and one for my 2006 Ford Five hundred. These covers fit well. They don't slide and they are made of real leather. You can smell the leather scent. One imprtant note is that as a result of these covers being made well and of a thick leather, they do make the driving experience slightly different. They do make the steering wheel thicker. No regrets, the steering wheels on my cars were in poor condition. The alternative would have been to purchace new steering wheels."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I love this stuff.  I have been using it for years.  I purchased a new car and applied this polymer coating in a few hours.  It is easy to hand buff off, and leaves a deep, slippery shine on the car.  You MUST follow the directions for putting it on, including making sure the paint is in good shape and that the temperature is under 85, AND put it on out of the sunlight.  Also, the directions tell you to let the polymer cure/bind to your paint/clear coat for 12 hours.  This is very important for a good, long lasting shine.  The product fluff says the polymer coating lasts six months.  But, 4 months is about the limit in the Arizona sun."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My experience is purely anecdotal as I have no real comparison here. I bought some last year. I put it on late summer and it survived the winter pretty well. I put another coat on this spring and it looks great still. I have always used liquid waxes since a typical car wash for me lasts 4 hours (nothing compared to detailing I know), I just run out of steam by the time waxing gets on the table. It is by far the easiest to apply of all the ones I have tried in the past. I will probably pick it up again unless this is the year I finally go DA."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used the trial version of this wax when I bought the Mothers Powerball, and it was awesome. When I ran out, I bought the Mothers Carnauba Wax, which was fine, but I didn't get the high gloss shine that I wanted. I bought the SynWax and I will never go back to any other type of wax. The finish on my car is already pretty good with very little swirls, and this makes my finish look almost flawless. It applies very easily and comes up very easily and there is never any leftover residue. I would recommend this wax to anyone that details their own car."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'm a little disappointed in Hi-Lift Jack. Top is 2 piece and welded in the middle. Should have been one piece. They supplied a bolt rather than some sort of quick release pin to attach it. A bolt with a hand tightened nut will vibrate loose during transport. The hook on the bottom could have been a little deeper to grab onto other items other than round bumpers more securely. All in all a good add-on for your Hi-lift jack but it could have been designed a little better."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've used every kind of wax and polish there is and this Mag and Aluminum Polish works great on wheels. It will add shine and luster to polished aluminum wheels where they have faded or tarnished a bit. I use it by hand but you could use it with a buffer if your wheels are really tarnished.I would not recommend it for highly polished wheels or aluminum, for that I recommend Mother's Billet Polish. The difference between the two Mother's polishes is the amount of abrasive and cleaners in each one. If your wheels or aluminum parts are in really good shape, the Billet Polish will give them a mirror finish, the Mag and Aluminum Polish will probably slightly dull the finish. If the wheels or aluminum parts have lost their shine then I would recommend the Mag and Aluminum Polish. There is a big difference between the two but not detailed enough on Mother's website."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I, like other reviewer, was unable to get a wide enough positioning for the lasers to reach the center dash of both cars. I had to dremel out the surrounds of one of the lasers to get it to go to the right position for my garage ceiling height. Other than that it works fine and is a moderate improvement over the tennis ball method.*Update*After installing this device for a months, we have noticed both lasers are getting pretty dim. A few times I have completely missed seeing them on my dashboard and pulled the car too far. Luckily I use a brick as a safety stop under the tire or else I would have nicked the wall. Short product life."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Purchased this aerosol can when I was about to renovate a couple of corroding, outdoor light fixtures.  After completely taking the light fixtures apart, and using a bit of elbow grease with a wire brush, cleaned the parts, we applied the Permatex Rust Treatment.  Lo and behold, the rust disappeared and a black coating emerged.  Afterwards, we applied a coat of U-POL ACID #8 Etch Primer and two finishing coats of Rust-Oleum, turning the aging light fixtures in brand new ones."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've owned a black car for 25 years and keeping it clean and keeping swirls out for the paint is tough. So I bought another black car but this time I searched you tube for car care and found things about &#34;claying&#34; your car. I thought &#34;no way&#34; I'm going to rub a bar of clay on my black car, that would just scratch it to death. Well I was wrong, even after a good cleaning there is still dirt particles in the paint, just do the plastic bag test and you will see. I used the clay bar as instructed and it deep cleaned the surface and in turn I could seal the paint after the claying job. It does an amazing job on cleaning your paint. I have used it to remove scuff marks, bird doo, bugs, about anything that is on your paint."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have one of these in each of my vehicles, either in the door pocket, center console or glove box.  I didn't mount them because having them loose in a covered compartment seemed a better idea.  I also have the key chain versions (ResQme)as a back-up in case the trapped person cannot reach the one in the door, etc.I have only had to use this device once when a Blazer flipped over on the Interstate in front of me.  The first person on the scene tried several times to break the rear window with a crowbar, but was unsuccessful.  My life-hammer did the job effortlessly with the first swing, and the seat-belt cutter quickly ripped through the belt to release the trapped driver!These should seriously be standard equipment in ALL vehicles!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I always have about 3 packs of JB weld different places in my house because i have found it can be a very good problem fixer. Be sure to use it in applications where your safety will not be compromised. I have recently used it to fix my MTD lawn mower blade adapter. The adapter has a little notch a 1/4\" thick that keeps the adapter and blade spinning on the engines crankshaft. after several years of use the notch sheared off, i used JB weld to put it back on with a small amount on the sheared part and a small long bead lengthwise on the sides. The mower is now back in action and saved me from buying a new adapter."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Packaging was nice as always and shipment quick. Of course this was a drop in so it fit nice and snug for my 2004 Tahoe Z71. Was giving the newly used Z a tuneup so I replaced the plugs, wires, cleaned MAF, TB, cleaned out the filter housing as it had grime inside of it, then just dropped this in. Z breathes better although I would really like to acquire a tube to replace the quiet factory one! Anyways, I recommend the filter as it looks better than factory, and will be used and cleaned for MANY miles to come!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I measured it at 500 feet in the dark.  It is clearly visable.  But headlights will wash it out as some point as a car approaches it.  And if there are lights beyond your vehicle it may get lost.  However, it is inexpensive and certainly better than leaving your emergency blinkers on if you are going to be away for long enough for them to drain your battery.  I wouldn't buy just one per vehicle.  I'd buy several.  The magnetic feature is very handy.  But the key is getting your vehicle off the road as far as possible so emergency lighting is not as important.  If you can't I'd use emegegency flashers and get back to your vehicle ASAP.  And forget about using this during the day.  You can't see it from far enough away to avoid an accident."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I tried Chevron Techron as people recommended here: meaning filled up it twice and also filled out my engine with Tufoil Engine Treatment and my mpg didn't improve at all.I drive 09 Accord EX-L V6 and constantly getting around 20mpg on 91/93 octane fuel driving from Brooklyn to Long Island on Belt  & Cross Island Parkways. Mileage is horrible because there is never a steady speed and often traffics, but even when there is no traffic - still horrible 20mpg. I do write this review after 3 full tanks that were filled after 2 Chevron Techrons."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "We have an SUV. I would normally setup the side view mirrors so that when viewing the rear view mirrors and side view mirrors, there is just a bit of overlap when looking at them. This presents a problem when backing up as you cannot see the curbs clearly. So this helps a lot. The side mirrors are now just looking straight back helping in parallel parking as well backing up to a curb. These mirrors help in making sure that when you are driving and changing lanes, you can see if there is any object in your blindspot without glancing over your shoulders. Great mirrors and to this day, they remain clear. I will get another one - the smaller version of these mirrors - for my sedan."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Got this to try to extend the life on my motorcycle tires by adjusting the air to keep the tread depth similar on the middle of the tire and on the sides. It appears I was running too much air and the middle tread was wearing faster than the sides. The gauge is simple and straight forward, however, the scale goes around the cylinder that goes in and out, so if you measure tread depth at one point on the tire, you have to turn the gauge around to read tread depth at another point on the tire if it is more, or less, than the first reading. Also, while you can &#34;guestimate&#34; the depth (good enough for personal use) by reading the lines on the gauge, I would just go for one of the digital depth gauges if I had to buy one again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I haven't used the set point part of it, but just the fact you can put it on the valve stem and audibly hear when it's done taking the reading makes it far superior to all my other ones. With other ones I'm bending down, trying to see if it's taken the reading or not. I mean, isn't kneeling down far enough? Do I really need to put my head towards the ground further? With other gauges, I do. Not with this one though. Big backlit display that automatically comes on and automatically goes back off. I don't see how anyone could be disappointed with this."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This little product has its place, but I don't think in its present form that it can replace road flares.  The idea is a good one, and with a little tweaking, the product might be a great item for an emergency road kit.  If they made the flare bigger, larger light emitting head, and light from all sides, I think they would have a winner.  In its current form, it is too small and too lightweight to be of much use.  One would need several, and at almost $10 each, that would be expensive.  I think a couple of them in a glove box might be a good idea, but no replacement for a huge flashlight and some road flares.A good idea but needs work."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have two sewer connections on my trailer, so I initially wasn't sure what to do.  The first two trips I just connected up the hoses to the Y connected and then had to \"milk\" the contents into the sewer.  This was not fun.  This product almost completely eliminates that horrible process and keeps things flowing downhill.  I actually purchased two - one for each sewer connection.  This keeps the elevation correct to the Y connector.  After that, the site was pretty level, so there wasn't much of a problem.I've only used these once, so I cannot comment on longevity, but I would likely replace them if they break sooner than later."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The material seems durable, but it does not fit tightly on my 30x9.5x15.  There is almost no elastic properties for the interior, and it would easily spin on the tire itself, and stealing it would be ridiculously easy.  The bottom looked like granny panties on a supermodel.  Couldn't see that delightful bottom curve.I used a grommett kit on it so I can thread a rope around it to cinch it tightly.  Has faded to a charcoal gray from black since purchase 18+ months ago."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I agree with the other reviewers who state the unit is ugly.  the welds are bulky and uneven.  However, the welds seem stout and I am sure it will perform just fine.  After all, this is about as low-tech as you can get.  I will disagree with other reviewers who say the unit does not move/sway.  I have a 5/8&#34; pin in it and my bike rack moves pretty substantially.  I will be getting an adapter to remedy this problem.  Bottom line for me for this product was price.  I am overall pleased with Curt and this product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bought this along with a No Spill 5 gallon can to use for track days. THe length is excellent and gets down into the filler of your car. It also fits in a 1 gallon freezer bag so you can seal it up and put it back in the trunk when done without smelling gas or getting it on your trunk carpet. Two improvements would make this a 5 star funnel. 1) It should be slightly upturned at the opening to catch gas as it backs up 2) The diameter of the nozzle should be larger and it easily could be given the tank inlet size - would allow faster filling."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This scratch remover seems to be more of a polish  and lube that will remove the surface scratches for the paint. It does not appear to have any &#34;grinding&#34; type ingredients in the paste.It will have little of no impact on deep scratches or deep nicks in the paint. It is easy to out on and remove and will a decent job for those light scratches. It did not remove any discoloring on my paint such as a stain left by a bird dropping. It ddi make the blemish lighter though."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this product based on positive reviews by amazon.com customers to restore the rear trim on my 1998 Buick Riviera. While it makes a nice shine, Back to Black did NOT make the trim black again; it remains grey. I expected a more drastic improvement, like some of the tire shine products.In fact, I tried Black Magic &#34;Tire Wet&#34; on the rear trim, and it provides at least as good a shine as Back to Black.Bottom line : product is okay, but will not by any means restore black trim back to black"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This fluid evacuator leaks around the top cover, both under vacuum and pressure. After taking the cover off it is apparent that the o-ring seal is too small to make up the gaps in the wavy top surface of the cylinder. I will keep it and make it work, most likely with silicone, but that sort of defeats the fluid dispensing function, as I will not be able to thoroughly clean the container without sealing it up with new silicone each time.The fact that it can be used for pressure or vacuum is good. The pump and associated plumbing works great, just a poor design for the cover seal."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "BAD PRODUCT, WRONG WELDED, ITS ONLY WELD INSIDE, BUT NOT OUT SIDE,SO IS NOT RECOMENDED TO USE IT UNDER CAR. PLEASE DONT MAKE MY MISTAKE, IS NOT WELD RIGHT.THIS ITEM HAVE TO BE WELD IN BOTH SIDE, INSIDE AND OUT SITE, NOT ONLY INSIDE.THE PIN OR SECOND SAFETY PIN IS NOT GOOD AT ALL, IT MOVE AND DOES NOT HOLD THE POST RIGHT, ITS LIKE NOTHING, SO DOES NOT MAKE SENSE TO HAVE IT.--- TORIN WANTS TO SEND IT BACK EVERY YEAR FOR ANNUAL INSPECTION,BUT THEY DONT PAY FOR S/H. THIS SHOUL BE 1 TON, NOT 3 TON WITH THIS WELD FORM.MY ITEM LOOK USED NOT NEW, LOOK'S LIKE SOME ONE USE IT AND RETURNED AND THEN, THEY SENT THEM TO ME.  THE UPS DROP IT TO THE FLOOR, CAUSE I HAVE A GATE, SO BE AWARE OF UPS, THEY DONT CARE IF THEY BRAKE IT."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If you have one of the millions of GM pick ups with the base mirrors these are a reasonable add on for towing.  They are easy to install after some practice.  Easy to remove - not sure why some other reviewers had problems with this...  Just unscrew the clamp and slide them off.  They are a little tough to adjust because you need to move the mirror beyond where you want it and let it snap back a bit. Just takes a little time.  Once adjusted they stayed put. They are stable on the highway but on bumpy roads they cause my OEM mirror glass to vibrate more than the add ons.  This is probably due to the extra weight of these.  You will definitely want to take them off when you are not towing.  They make your truck look like Dumbo and people will bump them in parking lots.  Best price by far was Amazon when I bought them."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "So I pour in a good amount and mix it with water. In the bucket there is a lot of suds, but then when I apply it to the car, the suds don't carry over.To me, soap is just soap, however this soap has a nice smell to it.It doesn't remove dirt or debris any better than the next soap, however I used to use Rain X with Carnauba wax, and that was a great car wash soap. It left my car shiny after washing and this -- I have to wax it after. I bought this at Costco for like 12 dollars, and it lasted me quite a while. I wouldn't go back to this as it doesn't wax my car. Also -- it dries fairly quickly for some reason and leaves a soap residue."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "simple, logic and easy to use.  a useful tool to read data from the computer on your car, read codes and diagnose by yourself with a little search on the web. you can take note on the different indicators to know the \"normal parameters\" of your car, and notice when any change occurs and an error code lights your CEL, that way it will be easier to tell what went wrong.The only con is that there isnt any cable or software to connect to a PC or laptop- that would make it a better tool."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought my first air deflectors (this same model) 20 years ago from Lowe's for my 4\" x 10\" floor registers. I've stepped on them from time-to-time and have never broken them. However, I did break one recently when I moved my sofa - not the deflector itself but one of those little tabs that hold it together in the center, so I'm back to buy another. I wasted a lot of money prior to purchasing these unbreakable ones with the other type that don't flex and that break easily. The magnets are very strong, when I lift these up for cleaning, I pull the entire metal register out of the floor. The magnets are strong enough to hold tight on registers that have several coats of paint on them, too."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I recommend this oil to all Harley owners. I have extensively researched what motor oil to run in my 2006 Sportster 883 and decided to go with Mobil 1 V-Twin. This is the same oil weight as the Harley &#34;formula&#34; stuff, only you don't have to go to the dealer to get it. I firmly believe this makes my bike run better and it has been proven to run Harley's cooler. I run my bike hard in the Texas heat and conventional oils would break down and turn black after only ~1,200 miles or so; I won't make that mistake again as I won't have that problem with Mobil 1. I also use this as my primary fluid on the Sporty. Simply drain the primary oil and drop in a quary of Mobil 1 and you're back out riding with superior protection.KEEP IN MIND THAT A CASE OF THESE MAY COST MORE THAN ORDERING INDIVIDUAL BOTTLES SO CHECK BOTH PRICES BEFORE BUYING"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I needed this for the newer style u-joint grease fittings (not zerks). There is no other efficient way to grease these new fittings without this injector. The picture doesn't show it , but the tip has a coating on it almost like bed lining to seal against the ball seat. I haven't tried it on conventional zerk fittings, but I don't see why it wouldn't work, especially on hard to reach/limited access fittings. I'm going to buy another one as backup since I can't find one locally."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This baby right here is an excellent  wheel scrubbers for trucks, some convertibles, and sedans.  Using at the same time with some tire cleaners, it made cleaning out the wheels and rims a breeze. However two this I didn't like about the giant furry mace. One, it has a metal clip on the top of the brush, so if you're not careful, you can do serious damage. Two, it's huge! I mean you can sword fight with someone with this thing when the time comes. It can be handy for large tires, but damn, it's like the brush when manufactured took steroids. But overall it is a nice LARGE brush of the century."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If you leave spark plugs in an aluminum head for 100,000 miles, your spark plugs may break or the threads strip when you try to remove them.  Using anti-seize is supposed to prevent this.  If you use it, torque to the lower end of the tolerance because of the added lubrication from the anti-seize.  I never had spark plugs stuck even without anti-seize so I can't say for certain that it works but it is cheap insurance.  You can use it on any fasteners subject to corrosion."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Great all around product with strong uv protection especially important here in Florida. Used another product that really screwed up my dash  board. This fixed it right up and does not leave a shinny surface that is going to reflect in your windshield. I would describe the finish it leaves as satin. I would suggest spraying it on a cloth when doing your dash board so as not to get it on the inside of the windshield. If you just want to use one product for all your rubber and vinyl this is it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My dad has used Kroil for years but I wasn't able to find this in stores anywhere. Amazon to the rescue! While doing a brake job I had a couple bolts which I was NOT able to move. I tried PB Blaster and got nowhere. I sprayed on the Kroil and first I noticed that even though its thicker in consistency, it penetrates just as well (if not better) than PB blaster. It also bubbles a lot more (which I guess means its having a better chemical reaction.) After about an hour I tried the bolts again and they came loose right away!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product, in my opinion, is well designed. The materials are top notch, and it is easy to access with the key for removal and installation.I can't imagine anyone taking the time to defeat this lock to steel my hitch ball. When the boat is attached and locked to the ball I can sleep better in a hotel room knowing the boat is secure.I've notice a few times the rubber cover over the key slot has come off. I'm not sure if I just didn't attach it well, if I bumped it, or if it came off by itself though. Even so I don't think the rubber cover is a necessity."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought the Rain-X Weatherbeater Wiper Blades for one of my Hyundai Elantras. They weren't the cheapest replacements out there, but they still cost under $10 so I gave them a shot. I had them installed in under 5 minutes. They fit and work perfectly. They clear my windows without streaks, and they are silent too. I give them 4 stars because I have Anco blades installed on my other Elantra, and they cost about 30% less. They also work equally as well. With that said though, I can still recommend the Rain-X Weatherbeater Wiper Blades."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this for my 4-wheeler. I have a K&N filter on my truck and it has performed real well. Just take an air hose and clean it instead of buying another one. I'm hoping to get the same service out of this one too. Every-time I have my 4-wheeler service, they change my air filter. Well.........those little filters are fairly expensive. I figure I can save a little over some time as far as the filter is concerned.........plus K&N has a pretty good reputation. I would recommend this to anyone wanting such an item."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It was quiet and smooth for about 2 months in rainy Seattle. It's not particularly great. It's squeaking now. The plastic &#34;booty&#34; that covers the arms I guess supposed to work to prevent snow from clogging the wiper but did it help? Meh....hard to say. The ends of the wipers have some RED plastic caps on them and it's very distracting to see something RED swooshing in front of my face in the rain. Why couldn't they use black caps?I'm going to look for a triple bladed wiper blade which worked better."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product provides some serious protection. Not only is it a durable sealant, it's tendency to sheet water off reduces the likilihood of Type II water spots.Also nice is the relatively fast cure time.  In only eight hours, RejeX is stable enough that a second can be added.  Some sealants require 36 hours.  This makes RejeX far more convenient.As others have noted you have to apply this product very thinly.  If you don't you'll get a real good workout huffing it off.  The best application method requires a DA polisher because you can lay down a very thin coat easily.Applied properly, you'll need very little to do your car.  I need less than ounce to do my pickup."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had my paint cleaned with a clay bar and a machine polish.Proper prep is important on a used car. Goes on easily, used very littlefor a thin film. Hand wipes off easily. You must give it 12 hours to curebefore using your car. If you park it in a garage and don't use commercialcar washes, you'll get up to 6 months of protection, especially if you doa second coat. Very slippery finish and looks almost as good as carnubawax which only lasts 4-6 weeks. great labor and paint saver. I also usedit on my windshield and other exterior glass. I thinks it's much easier towork with than Rain X and does a similar job. My 2004 Lexus RX330 looksgreat and cleans easily as nothing sticks to Rejex."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Some of the other reviewers here prefer the aerosol, but I think the squeeze bottle is just fine for re-oiling a cleaned filter.  I don't know what everyone is complaining about.  This is something that's good to do while you have some yardwork or some reason to be outside since the filter needs to sit for about 15-20 minutes during the cleaning/oiling process.In the long run, if you keep your car long enough, one K&N; filter is cheaper than all of those disposables."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've used Dynamat for many years now. In my car I didn't manage to eliminate rattles from the trunk (2x jl audio 13w6's), but greatly reduced them. It used to be embarrassing (and sounded bad too) driving with volume up and car rattling being the only audible thing. It's better now because the rattling can only be heard by the trunk on the outside. I used it in the doors, floors, and trunk of my 04' elantra and it dramatically reduced road noise. It also made the stereo sound 10x better in my car. I also used it in the doors and trunk of an 01 Grand Prix, and also reduced road noise and improved stereo quality, but not as dramatically as my car since the grand prix comes with more sound deadening."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a broken expensive Bose head phone at its hinge after using few weeks. Tried to glue it with different crazy glue from Asia but it broke at the same place after few days. Finally I used this glue after reading review. It was made in USA. This time I am very satisfied because the glue holding very well. After drying the glue was harder than original plastic part on the head phone. The only little problem is the color of the glue is gray, not transparent after drying. But it was super strong and tough as an American. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this Battery Tender to keep the battery in my summer car charged up in the off season.  Unfortunately this battery tender caused my battery to leak acid all over the trunk of my car causing corrosion and requiring an expensive repair.  I purchased this unit specifically because it's NOT supposed to overcharge a car battery.  What a mistake.  Don't buy this product - it doesn't work as advertised.  I reached out to the manufacturer via their website twice but they never responded to me.  Faulty product + no customer service = fail."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If you are underneath your car doing some work, or just doing some routine maintenance, you need a solid pair of stands and a good jack to safely lift your car.  I cannot believe how many people I have seen working on their car with a scissor jack that came as part of their vehicle maintenance pack.  If you value your life, you want to get yourself a nice sturdy pair of stands like these.  It takes no more than a minute to successfully jack up your car, align these jackstands up, and then lower the car back down onto them.  They are built VERY nicely and the capacity is more than enough for standard vehicles (I use them on my RX8).  The only thing I wish that it had was some sort of safety on the release.  Granted that when the weight of the car is on the stands it is near impossible to release the height, it would still be a nice bit of insurance."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The clay bar is excellent, works wonders at removing all the little bits of grit and grime and leaving a mirror smooth-to-the-touch finish. The detailer and microfiber cloth are a bonus, however any quick detailer will work just fine for using the clay bar. I used the clay bar for the first time on my brand new Shelby GT500 which had a bit of grime built up from the trip from the factory to the dealer. I love how it felt after I was done. So smooooooth. I will definitely be using it often and will order another one of these in the future when I need to."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use only 100% synthetic fluids for my 1990 Toyota Camry which I keep in mint condition since the day I bought it new in 1990. Mobil 1 Extended Performance motor oil. Royal Purple Max ATF Synthetic automatic transmission fluid, Royal Purple fully synthetic Power Steering fluid and Toyota 50/50 Anti-Freeze coolant.I won't give a lesson on why synthetic fluids are far superior to conventional fluids. I've had that argument WAY before auto manufacturers started REQUIRING synthetic fluids right from the factory. They are far superior.In the case of this brake fluid. I've compared all the spec. sheets on all the major brake fluids, and this one meets the highest standards. I just keep is simple with fluids and follow two rules. Change EVERY fluid on your vehicle yearly (more often n the case of the motor oil depending how much you drive) and use the BEST fluids available. THIS is the best brake fluid available."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The install is easy, just level your camper using a carpenter level of 3 feet or longer.  Set the level from side-to-side on your smooth flooring or counter top. Then set the level from front-to-back the same way on the smooth flooring or counter top.  Now position the Hopkins 08525 levels, one on the side you prefer to work from at the front of the camper, on a flat vertical surface.  Do the same on a side wall near the front corner on a smooth vertical surface.  Use the double stick tape to position, but consider adding pop rivets or small screws to hold the setting for many years.  Holes are provided in the Hopkins levels.Use the front level first to drive onto leveling ramps or boards, then use the side level along with the tongue jack to finish (after you unhitch). Extend your stabilizer jacks and you're set for level comfortable sleeping in your camper."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a very comfortable product to eliminate some stubborn odors from your Car Air conditioning system. I was having a very damp mildew odor from my car but was unable to find a good effective solution to that.I got my air conditioning system cleaned,refrigerant vacuumed and refilled but was unable to get rid of that smell completely. However after reading reviews on Amazon,decided to give it a try and yes,it did it well. Will definitely recommend this if you wanted to get rid of unwanted disturbing odors and will suggest to use it periodically to make your ride more pleasant."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This 32 ounce is much cheaper in the long run than the kit with it's little bottle of cleaner. Most people use more of the cleaner than the oil. One properly serviced K&N filter will last as long as the car will last. I have never had to replace a K&N filter. Just clean, air dry with a fan, recoat the filter fabric with the oil and a thin film of K&N grease on the seal. The oil has a red dye in it, so you will know when you have full coverage. The K&N filters catch dirt better than any of the paper filters."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The reviewers here who say to remove the black lens covering are not increasing their ability to see better, only increasing the glare to other drivers.  They are also breaking the seal  and allowing water intrusion to do so, for no benefit.The light pattern of these is not ideal but for the price is fine. Mount them properly, aim them properly, and use them in conditions that warrant their use and only then, and they are an effective product.But too many use automotive lighting incorrectly, thinking that a huge blast of light is allowing them to see better, when in all actuality all it is doing is constricting their pupil sizes, and vision, and blinding oncoming traffic.I hope cops start ticketing these fools who are using auxiliary lighting improperly, or retrofitting HID bulbs into halogen housings."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have detailed cars for a luxury car dealerships and have used many different car waxes in my lifetime. This is the best paint protection I have used. It removes off trim easily and also is easy to apply. I have done three coats on my 2014 Honda Accord Hybrid so far and it looks great. This product is a Buy in my opinion. Better then the dealership's 700 dollar application of Xylon on my wife's' 2014 Honda Odyssey. Make sure you clean your vehicle with the pre cleaner and do a hand check to feel for &#34;bumps&#34; of dirt or other road grim before application. This is easy to wipe off as well, so it is quicker then hand waxing for me."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Maybe it was my buffing tool but this paste struggled with cleaning up my mags neglected through a Michigan winter . I have allot left before I run out so I will update if anything changes . This is a fine polish not really for cleaning from my experience with use and since they mags didn't clean up I can't comment on fine finsish polishing . Need something a little grittier to buff before using this as a final polish . I have had very good luck with simichrome but it is allot more expensive by volume ."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used to have the round mirror.  After getting a new SUV i decided to shop immediately on amazon for a new blind spot mirror and i found this.I decided to try this product based on user review and did the right thing.  These mirrors are perfect for my Outlander 2011 side mirrors.  I like the shape and very clear mirrors.  Although i should have gotten the 3x3 but still this 2x2 works.  Just make sure you purchase 2.  Since this is not sold in pair...  I had this mistake thinking it was sold in pair.. good think i got Amazon prime :"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If you are searching for a good, high-quality wheel cleaner, look no further! Not only is it pH balanced to ensure that you don't damage the finish of various wheels you may clean, its cleaning power is second to none. If you have a vehicle that generates a lot of brake dust (BMW, namely, but other vehicles that have fade-resistant brakes), you can spray P21S on the wheel wipe around with the provided sponge let sit for a few minutes and spray off and they'll look good as new. I occasionally (~50k miles) take off the wheels and clean the caked on stuff on the inside of the rim, too. It takes a bit more scrubbing but cleans it to make it look new every time. If you can't get this stuff to take whatever you have on your wheel, you will likely need to refinish the wheel - this stuff is the very best!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The only flaw that kept me from leaving a 5-star rating is the \"inaccurate\" gauge.. Everything else works great & the inflator unit itself is built with quality material designed to withstand heavy use.After having read other's review here, I caliberated this Milton S-506 gauge against a high end digital gauge that I use on my passenger vehicles & the reading from this gauge is consistantly 4 psi lower.I bought this gauge for my Chevy DuraMax Dually, so I simply inflate the tires up to 64 psi in order to achieve 60 psi pressure on all the tires.So word to the wise, caliberate it against a better, more precise gauge first before you put it to use, this way you'll know how much to \"offset\" before you rely on it completely.Overall, it is an excellent value."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've used Meguire's cleaner wax for over two decades. The protection and finish are great. What I really like about this wax is that it does not create a build up, as using other waxes like carnuba can do over time.Reading some of the other reviews is frightening! Please don't mistake the work \"cleaner\" to mean a substitute for actually washing your car!! The cleaner function removes previous wax and oxidants... but you need to carefully WASH your car before applying this, or any other polish or wax."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I enjoyed using this product on my vehicle. Looks and feels much smoother.I spent some time working on the entire car. It took a lot longer than the 30-45 minutes people have been posting.The \"Mothers Clay Bar System\" did remove most of the debris off of the surface, but it did leave behind dots of tree sap, and some tar that kicked up on the side of my car. (I did work on it extensively attempting to remove everything.) The system worked well for me, just not up to the hype I had read about.I noticed a big difference in drying off my car now. Before a microfiber towel would stick, now it glides!If you want to spend sometime with your car I would recommend it. Don't expect miracles.Hope this reviews helps!Thanks for reading it! :)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this on a car with 2 year old K&N; filter. The car wasn't driven much, but I thought I clean it anyway. It's really easy. Spray on cleaner, wait 10 minutes, then spray with water.  Dry, then spray on the red oil. Much easier using oil spray instead of the other type.My car has 2 K&N; air filters, and I used 2/3 of both cleaners and oil spray. So I can use this kit for one more.  However I was more than generous (or spray-happy). I'm sure I could've easily use this kit on two filters twice (4 total), instead of 3 filters."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "What's to say?  It's not very large.  It works perfect in my 2003 Chevy truck to add a Fuel Additive into the fuel tank!!!  It should work for Power steering and transmission also, at least on Car/trucks that's not hard to get to or down load were access is bad.  The design helps keep you from spilling when your poring a fluid into it!  For under $5, not a bad deal.  Hang it up out of the way when done with it.  It's able to fit into your Transmission Dip Stick tube, so it has to be small enough, so you can just dump a bunch a fluid into it at once!!!  It's small and doesn't hold all that much.  For what it is, I like it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "i use this in addition to my built-in RV water filter.  we used it to fill our freshwater tank at home so that we had familiar and clean water at the RV park.  couldn't tell the difference between &#34;RV&#34; water and drinking from home faucet.  CAUTION: be sure to rinse out the carbon before using it--squirt water through the filter and you'll see lots of carbon residue... continue until the water is clear (only a few seconds) and then you're good to go."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Have you ever felt like your auto mechanic was \"Mr. Wizard\"?  All the way down to the bad attitude?  Only to find he has a doo-dad sitting somewhere out of eyesight that tells all, like a crystal ball...Well for a reasonable price you can get your own crystal ball.  It might be able to predict the future and track flying monkeys but it can tell you very quickly why the \"Check Engine\" light has come on.  Big or small you know what might be waiting for you when you go see Mr. Wizard.  Sometimes you might even be able to track down the problem yourself and cut the cost to fix it.I would not go to Oz without mine!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Wow, this stuff works well!  We have a wall air conditioner in our home.  It is a quiet variety that we paid a good deal of money for, due to that claim.  It still had a bad resonance of some vibrating metal on the machine.I applied this to all accessible (front face) surfaces, and only the spots where there was not a decal or other item present, probably less than 30% of the total frontal surface (keep in mind 50% is the evaporator and blower vent), and the available space on the front cover.  Wow, we can definitely hear a difference in the room it is installed in.This thing has a strong resonance, so we can still hear it in other spaces.  I feel like it doesnt dampen all modes, but it certainly does enough for a noticeable difference in the space where we have the AC located."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These are good enough for visual rough-leveling of your camper, but they're no precion instrument.  It's tough to install these while holding them level and then sticking them down with the double-sided foam tape on the back side.  Once it's down it's down.  If you stick it on crooked, rip it off and throw it away and start over, or try to twist them level and then put in some screws to hold it there.  The foam tape will allow you to twist them back and forth."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Of all the battery chargers on the market, the Battery Tender is the best.  The device is small and portable, works exceptionally well for maintaining batteries and does not over charge (over charging can decrease the overall life of your battery).  It is simple to operate and can be left hooked up to a dormant battery while it is not in use.  The Battery Tender can be used while the battery is hooked up to a vehicle/mower/etc. or not.  Highly recommended. I comparison shop a lot before buying anything - hopefully you can benefit from my time investment and review."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this kit to diagnose the hard start problem on my 96 XJ Cherokee. Took about ten minutes to figure out I had low pressure on the rail due to bleed-back. Bad check valve or pressure regulator, both of which are part of my fuel pump assembly. New assembly, problem solved! This kit worked perfect out of the box. Teflon tape on gauge fittings, pressure relief hose nice and long, very easy to use. Adapters to fit almost any car, i.e. you can rent it to your friends for five bux! Nice pouch for storage too! Has complete instructions, though they're hardly necessary."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've used this product many times in the past but each time I did it was the small bottle included with the filter that I used. This stuff is exactly the same as the smaller bottle and therefore works the same, which is to say very well. You spray it on the filter, let it sit for 10 minutes or so and rinse with water. There are two benefits to the larger bottle. First is that it is more economical. I have four vehicles with cotton oiled air filters and this bottle should last a fairly long time. Also, it is much easier to spray into the filter than with the smaller bottle. I also feel because it is easier to spray and direct you will use a little less cleaner your filter which should make it an even better value yet."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "You can use this bad boy as a base for your Wrangler's bottle jack - especially if your lift kit has put the axles a tad out of reach. If you have a Discovery, you will need to Dremel out small notch for the OEM bottle jack.  High Lift jacks are great accessories, but they're not all that safe for changing tires in the field when you think about it.  For that, a bottle jack with a good base and an axle lift point will get you going just fine."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If you are adjusting headlights on a Ford with 4mm adjusting screws this tool is a must. The review that states that the screw moves out enough to keep you from removing the tool from the end of the screw is questionable however. On all the  headlights I have seen, the adjustment on the light moves in and out and the screw dose not, so If you can get the tool on, you will always be able to get it off. Tool is well made and the infinite ratchet is handy. Should last a lifetime even though the vehicle will not. All mechanics I know have one and Amazon is the cheapest. I ordered one that said it was used, in good condition, for ten bucks. When it arrived, it was on the original blister pack, unopened. This is not always the case, but this time, it was. If you are thinking of buying one of these tools, do it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Recently my 2003 Explorer had been acting up symptoms included:- hard shifting- a sudden drop in RPMMy mechanic told me to buy Lucas Tranmission fix. To be honest I was skeptical at first from my experience additives are just wallet stealers. They advertise their product and give a magic fix. So I gave it a try and BAAMM!. I test drove my Explorer and noticed a huge difference. My shifting was smooth and better since when I purchased it.Before you go and blow out a large sum of money on a new transmission give Lucas Transmission Fix a shot. !"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I read all the other companies material on how well their products worked on rust. I had planned on using the POR product but as with several other ones I was worried about how harsh and toxic they were. This product is  water based no harsh fumes and cleans up with water! So far I have used almost two bottles on a very rusty undercarriage. The product works fantastic, isn't scary to handle and the finished results are beautiful. You have to recoat in about twenty min. for the coverage to even out. In 24hours it dries to a hard satin black finish which you can top coat. This product  goes a long way for such a small bottle. A great buy!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is some of the best metal polish paste I've ever used. Even though it isn't explicitly stated in the description, it does work on other surfaces if care is taken. For example, I polished and buffed the tinted windscreen for a vintage Japanese motorcycle I am restoring. Took off all the dirt and allowed it to be polished and buffed. Looks much better than it previously did. Works on any household metals like tea kettles, stainless steel sinks, silverware, etc. Can't go wrong and the price is right."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Cheaper than the \"cheapies\" I could get locally.  My local Walmart doesn't carry anything smaller than 15 inch so.....  Gotta love these finds.  $7.50 a blade from Amazon.In the desert the heat / Sun kills the rubber on the blades and it almost never rains.  So I always buy the cheapest blades given that I will be replacing them sooner rather than later and they need not remove snow or ice.  They just dry rot here.  BUT, I cannot find a cheap brand smaller than 15 inches locally.  So I order here and while I am paying about $1.50 more than local cheap blades, I have no choice and I get a better brand.  Oh and I don't mess with the blade refills anymore.  It just isn't worth the hassle unless you just can't afford it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I realize that there are testimonials for this product actually doing what it says it will do.  I have not had an occasion to need it in an emergency.  AND - I hope that I never do.  It does not inspire confidence.  It feels like something that would be included in a child's toy tool set.  Extremely lightweight.  Directions state you must hit the window in a specific location - good luck with that in an emergency.  I was hoping for a tool with enough weight, which added to acceleration, would break the window.  Again, I have not used it, and I will not trust it in an emergency - so I will be looking for a better product.  I do not recommend this item...at any cost."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have tried several microfiber towels recently, they are all great in comparison to using a standard terry cloth, that being said not all microfiber towels are created equally.  First and foremost always be certain to pull the tags off any towel you use before working on that show car in your garage.  These towels I give a good 4 star rating but not five to due to the fact that while being microfiber they still left some minute residue behind on my cars finish.  They are better than Zwipes, they are much much bigger than Zwipes, but sadly pale in comparison to Cobra microfiber towels.  I feel the cost versus value regarding this item isn't very good, you only get 3 towels for nearly $9.00 so for me this is a once and once only purchase."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I just used this on my car and it does live up to the reviews listed below.  I think the labeling \"natural shine\" does in fact fit this product well.  It gave my car interior a nice \"showroom\" shine but not overly so.  It left the interior glossy and new looking but I would not describe it as greasy or shiny in a distracting way.  Very good product.  I recommend spraying directly onto a towel first so not to get it everywhere in your vehicle."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I only had a set of small metal chocks that came with the floor jack I have so I went with a chock with a little more size. I bought these and am very happy with them. A nice bright red/orange color for visibility, comes with a small rope loop to hang on the wall or pull out from tire placement and sturdy construction. It has rows of ridges to hold against the tire and on the bottom to prevent slipping. I'm sure the bottom ridges will work on soft surfaces but I'll have to wait until I use them to see if they slip or not on concrete / hard surfaces. I recommend this product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have an '08 Polaris Sportsman 800, which by itself is not a slow machine. Once I added this filter as a replacement for the original, however, it was a whole different ballgame. I immediately notice the boost to acceleration and pickup from the motor, and as someone who rides mostly off-road in the desert I'm sure I'm adding longevity to the bike as well. Simple install; fits directly in place of the stock filter. A very inexpensive way to grab a few more horses."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product is easy to apply and easy to wipe off.  But, on black cars especially, it does not give a nice deep glossy or \"wet look\" shine.  It leaves more of a streaky oily finish.I switched over to yellow carnuba wax and the difference was night and day.  I have a full bottle that I no longer use and it's just sitting in the garage collecting dust.If you have a black car, and stick with carunba wax instead of synthetics. Meguiar's to make great products, but this one fails to impress.I get a better shine off of Meguiar's cleaner wax than this NXT stuff.But a friend introduced me to Mothers pure carnuba wax and I have since made a switch in brand.  I mean the shine you get with this stuff is just insane."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I just want to say thank you to milton for making a METAL tread depth gauge. I hate those little plastic ones. The best part about it is the numbers on the gauge are recessed, stamped, into the metal. So even if the black ink were to come off (hasnt come off ater a few years) you can still read the numbers. A little bit of lubrication with some silicone or rust penetrant helps keep it sliding smooth, and if you dont, it rusts up and makes it really rough and may even give some strange tread depth readings. The pintle is quite strong (used it as a screwdriver on a desperate situation once) and the ink is long lasting."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This towel is very nice.  The waffle pattern makes picking up water easy.  I use thePilot Automotive CC-2010 11\" Soft and Dry Water Bladeto wipe away all the big beads of water, then clean up and detail with this towel.I have found that this towel is soft enough to use to buff small spots that I missed while washing.  So, really, it's more than just a towel, it's can help clean too!  I noticed going over rubber edges around windows, that no lint is pulled off of this towel (like other ones I have used.)  Being lint-free is absolutely necessary when adding the final touch to your car.  With this towel I can finish the job right and I'm debating even getting a second one to use to give the car a final buff after it's completely dry.You'll be amazed like I was when you see how much a towel can make a difference."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this conditioner last year for my leather furniture and have been very happy with the results.  It does need to be applied every few months, but I've used it on a variety of leather surfaces (worn leather sofa, dining room chairs with leather padding, office chair) with excellent results.  As long as you don't apply it too thick, it won't leave an oily residue, and it blends into the leather very nicely.  I've gone through the original bottle and a refill, and am about to order another refill.For application, the Lexol sponges work great.  They can be rinsed and reused and last a long time."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is great car soap, no frills - no wash and wax mix - its perfect for washing before you polish and wax because it doesn't have anything but car soap in it. Not sure why it doesn't work good for other people but for me, its excellent! Also is very cost effective and made by a company with vehicle care in mind, Meguiar's have been around for a way long time and make great products! This is always my choice car wash, it always leaves the vehicle as clean as it can be with a wash alone, the real magic happens after with the polishing and waxingI've read where people say it leaves spots or what not, i have to say if you follow what it says to do in the directions, you'll be golden. And another good tidbit, when you finish washing, you need to dry it with a shammy or the like or yes, it will leave water spots - but that is not from the soap! Its from the sediments that are already in the water."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this Acton scanner 2 years ago when our older vehicle was repeatedly showing its MIL (Malfunction Indicator Lamp). I was able to clear the code immediately. When the MIL illuminated again later, I was able to track down the problem (O2 sensor heater trouble)and correct it by reseating the connector. Later, I used the scanner to diagnose which cylinder was misfiring. By tapping on that cylinder's fuel injector, I was able to correct the misfiring. Again, the Acton cleared the MIL display.My mechanic uses a more sophisticated (and much more expensive) OBD scanner in his day to day work, but for someone who does occasional maintenance on his own car, this tool is worth the $89 investment. If you paid more, you paid too much."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "For the price, an excellent wiper. Now, I did just put them on so it depends on how long they stay good for, but so far they work very well. Why did I choose Rain-X? Because they were heavily advertised during a lot of Formula 1 races back in the day and that kinda stuck with me.NOTE: A lot of people seem to wonder what size blades fit their vehicle. Either do a quick google search, check your owner manual, or just get a tape measure and measure the length of each blade on your car. Typically the driver side blade is a bit longer by an inch or two."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This stuff went on easy and all brush marks disappeared, leaving a very smooth, bright red finish.  Looks great on my Corvette.  It's been about a month and they still look great, plus I had at least half a can of paint leftover in case I need to touch them up in the future.  Easy to use, I would definitely use again in the future.  I didn't attempt to use the supplied brush, I bought some higher quality brushes instead after reading reviews of the brush falling apart.  It was a rather cheap, low quality brush.  But the paint and caliper cleaner are both top notch.  No regrets!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The grease is perfect. The thing that bothers me is that I used this one time (very gently I may add) and the tube that it's in got a bunch of little pin holes in it and now the grease leaks out in my tool box. To make matters worse, I opened the tool box the other day and the cap had split in two so now there's even more leaking out! I thought I could buy this and keep it around for future use, but now I am going to have to throw it away after using just a tiny bit on my spark plug wires. What a bummer."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My preference was to purchase a grease gun made in the USA. Nowhere could I find one so I was resigned to buy one which I was sure would be made in China. To my surprise the gun was made in India and is a high quality item. The hose was made in Germany which was another surprise. I needed to lubricate the spindles on my mower so I obtained a grease cartridge and tried to load it into the gun by following the manual provided by Lincoln. I appreciate the fact that Lincoln furnished a manual but I would have been pleased if it had been written clearly enough to be understood. I simply could not load the cartridge using the Lincoln manual and decided to look for other instructions. Luckily I found a YouTube clip titled Lincoln Grease Gun Tutorial which solved my loading problem and offered other helpful hints. All went well after viewing that clip.This is a fine grease gun and works as expected. Other than a confusing user guide I have no complaints."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've had one of these since 1999.  And 10 years later it is still working like a charm.  It has been in my car's glove box since I got it.I agree with others that the tip sometimes does not make a good seal.  Then again, which tire pressure gauge makes a perfect seal everytime?  Learn to use the gauge properly and you'll make a good seal easily each time.  Not perfect, but good.Today, I see that AMAZON.COM is selling this for less than $10 so I am picking up an extra one just to have it handy (this one will sit next to my air compressor tank at home).EXCELLENT item.Highly recommended."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This item is primarily used for REMOVAL, not installation of an oil filter that has been tightened too much to remove by hand. The half-circles of metal grip the canister of the oil filter and they dig into that sheet metal to prevent slipping when you apply pressure to your wrench handle and start to turn. The tool may need to dig in enough to dent the oil filter canister depending on the degree of excessive tightening by a previous installer. Each half circle on the tool is brought to initial grip and held there by a set of springs on a sliding mount to accommodate a variety of filter canister sizes.  I used it to remove the original factory oil filter for the first oil change on a new vehicle. I probably won't have to use it ever again. In 40 years of DIY oil changes across a couple dozen different cars, I've never had a leak by simply hand-tightening the canister to the mount."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Got it for over a year period of time but never got a chance to use it till 2 weeks ago...The engine check light turned on in my VW. Plugged in this code reader and got one OBII Error code. Googled the OBII Error code and found that was something to do with bad catalyst conveter. Checked my manufacturer warranty policy and found that the emission (catalyst converter) warranty would be expired in 2 weeks!! Rushed the car into VW dealer. VW dealer confirmed the catalyst converter was bad and I got free fix and replacement for the catalyst converter.Really happy that this small OBII code reader helped me to understand the source of the problem. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have had motorcycles and cars for years.  Keeping the batteries from sulphating is a big problem for other than every day drivers.  The technology in the Battery Tender Plus is exactly what I need for the batteries in my classic cars as well as my Harley.  I like it so much that I bought Battery Tender Plus units for my two brothers so that they can keep the batteries alive in their motorcycles too...  Great product and I hope to be able to save some bucks not having to replace batteries as often, not to mention that I can hop on my Harley and take off at a moment's notice...  I plan to use it on my boat marine battery too.....  I may order the 4-up model to be able to keep multiple batteries alive at the same time...."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I would recommend these towels.We use them, and microfiber is one towelthat won't put scratches and swirl marks in a paints finish.All microfiber works well but low price towels may notresult in the best quality product.If you buy cheap you get cheap, and my car deserves the best.Show Car Guys 3 - Pack Of Ultra Blue Plush Microfiber Towels 16\" x 16 \"- At 360 GSM, This Is One Of Our Best Microfiber Cleaning Cloths-It Has Ultra Plush Micro Fiber Material On One Side, And The Other Side Consists Of Medium Terry Microfiber Material."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this pad to applyMeguiar's M10532 Ultra Cut CompoundandMeguiar's M20532 Ultra Finishing PolishusingMeguiar's G110v2 Professional Dual Action Polisher.The pad stayed on the polisher (hooks and loops system) and followed contours of my car's body well.  I only had one pad and had to wash it after using Ultra Cut Compound and before using Ultra Finishing Polish.  I attached the wet pad to the DA polisher and turned it on to spin the water out of the pad.  The pad did not fly off.I am very satisfied with this pad."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "ArmorAll is great if you're in your teens and want your interior to look like you cleaned it with a can of crisco.  Even their matte products still leave you with a glossy sheen.  When it comes to me and my cars, I tend to look for quality products that I can use over and over again.  I've always found that with einszett products.  From interior to exterior, their products work flawlessly and produce great results.  The additional minty, slightly clinical yet sweet smell is always welcome in my vehicles.  Don't think twice, you won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I love this funnel, it has so many uses. For example I can pour a liquid into a container with a small opening with great ease. I can hang it on a wall and it will wait there until I need to pour another liquid into a container with a small opening again. Let's see a hammer do either of those things. My hammer never stays put. You can reason with this funnel, it has an open mind so to speak. Others may try but they all fall short of the splendor that is this funnel."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've bought two of these through Amazon and I may buy another.  I use them on my lawn tractor and standby generator battery for winter maintenance, and on one of our cars that doesn't get driven very often.  At the price, they are cheaper than some of the smaller encapsulated trickle chargers.  They have worked great for me on batteries from lead-acid automotive types to gel cells.  If you're looking for a battery maintainer with a little more power to charge, this is the one.  Remember, today's vehicles with clocks, navigation systems, and other electronics may draw more than a small trickle charger can provide.  This charger at 1.5A can provide enough power to compensate for electronics that draw extra power even while off."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "A friend of mine turned me on to this stuff.  I've not bought anything but Kano products since (well, I think this stuff is all they make).  Spray it (liberally) onto your stuck fastener (over torqued, rusted, salted, dirty, whatever), and just walk away.  Come back in five minutes.  Still stuck?  Spray on some more and come back in an hour.  If it's still stuck (and this has only happened to me once), let it soak overnight.I know with other penetrating oils, I've ended up drilling out my fair share of fasteners.  Since I've been using Kroil, I probably haven't had to drill out a stuck bolt in over a year.  (Smells like flowers, too.  Oily flowers.)  And if you're not the only mechanically oriented person around, either order a bunch, or find a good place to hide the stuff ..."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I recommend these to anyone who has bitched about drying their car.I used this product and was blown away buy how well it absorbed and better yet the wring out was so easy,3 folds and a twist and 90% of the water was out!I bought one of the Chemical Guys Waffle Micro fiber cloths and it was awesome,but when you go to wring it out the shear size (25&#34;x36&#34;) made it very hard to get a good wring out.Their towel did almost 80% of my car, 2 from those would be an alternative.I give this product A+ and it is worth every penny!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This works extremely well at removing scratches from instrument cluster plastic. When trying to remove scratches from very soft plastic like an instrument cluster, you need to make sure you are using a soft application method. At first, get a nitrile glove and gently apply the product with your finger. Make sure to not let the product dry as it will be hard to remove. If that doesn't work, use a high quality microfiber towel and don't apply too much pressure. Worked perfectly for me.This also is great at removing scratches from a motorcycle windscreen. I used this on my bike with a Smartwax 70301 foam applicator pad and it remvoed 90% of the scratches."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This thing seems extremely well made, even if it isn't made in the USA. I had a cheap gun before this and blew the seals on the second use. This pumped grease into some well rusted fittings with ease.My only complaint is the hose fitting that attaches to the zerks. Yes, it is a 2 piece design as many have mentioned which is both good and bad. If you have easily accessible zerks that need a lot of pressure, you can screw this on and use both hands to pump. However, large u-joints can be a huge pain as I can't get anything in to tighten the fitting. I found I had to keep making adjustments then sticking it in the joint until I found the perfect setting where it fit on the zerk but didn't lose grease. However, there were a few joints where I was unable to find this balance and couldn't get them to take grease. I will have to buy a different hose to get them all."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If I could bathe in this stuff, I probably would. I've used dozens of car shampoos over the last 20 years or so, and this Meguiar's Gold Class is definitely the best. It doesn't take much to get a nice cleansing foam going, and once you do, it applies and washes with an ultimate smoothness that I haven't been able to find with other soaps. And not that it matters, but it's also got a really great scent, which is a nice little bonus when you'd rather be doing other things besides washing your car."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is everything you need in a tread depth gauge, and nothing you don't. Here's how you use it: You press the &#34;probe&#34; down into the tread gap to measure the depth. You then rotate the cylinder around to match the exact mark to the line. The measurements are on four sides of the cylinder, making them easier to read than being stacked on top of one another. Being able to rotate the cylinder makes it much easier to measure something as minute as 1/32 of an inch."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product is excellent.  If you are the type who pays attention to detail, especially cleaning your dash, you will not be dissapointed.  For best results, follow the directions EXACTLY (this goes for all Mother's brand products).  I've noticed that using Mother's two step model: (1) evenly apply the product over the surface, wait, then (2) buff the surface to ensure an even application.  Using this product like one would for armor all will not give you the intended results.  Additionally, even a left-leaning Liberal (I am not either) would love this product as the ingredients are ph balanced."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this on my dark red mustang and did half the car only. I could not tell any difference. Went back and finished the car and it looked great but it look great before using this so not sure what I was gaining.By reading all the reviews I was expecting a wow factor.Maybe it does better on older cars but my mustang is not new either but in good shape.Also used it on an 09 Focus and again, no difference.Makes me wonder with these clear coats in that these products do not get down to the paint level and sinceclear coats are already glossy, a good polish does little.Not that impressed but will give it 3 stars since most people have good luck with it but my advise is if you havea car with good paint and clear coat, do not expect miracles."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "A very simple concept but someone had to be the first to invent it. I suspect others will soon imitate this.Photos show lifting tires. No doubt it would work fine for that - especially with heavy, over size tires (as shown) or farm equipment tires. But it's good for so much more.A piece of steel under the corner of a small building, set hooks under the steel, and lift the building for re-leveling. Hook it under a mower deck of a riding mower to remove/sharpen blades.You trust your jack, now trust the accessories they provide so you can get the most from it. Be sure to get the base for the jack, better than carrying around a piece of 2x6 and no one will toss it on your camp fire, either."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this to replace another pressure gauge from Accutire which became useless when the battery died (battery replacement resulted in a display of \"01.0\"), I hope that this one will survive a battery replacement as there are instructions for doing so in the manual (well, instruction sheet).  The flashlight is bright enough to find the valve stem, but not much else.  It reads quite differently to a very old gauge I have, but I don't know which is correct (probably neither !)."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is one of the necessary evils to keep my vehicles looking good. It is not a lot of fun but it gets all the contaminats off your vehicle so you can polish. Comes with everything you need. Just spray the lubricant on the vehicle and on the clay itself and start rubbing. It is amazing how much comes off even after it has been washed. I normally do a 2 ft x 2 ft section and refold the clay after each section is done to get a clean side. When it becomes pretty bad I use it to clean off my wheels. I've tried both Meguiars and Mothers and I like Mothers a little better."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'm always hesitant to use tire-shine for personal reasons.  They always wear-off and sometimes they are just too shiny.This spray really does the job.  Its non-greasy and shiny.  It makes tires to look BLACK (the fluid is white/cloudy) and as i was applying it to the tires, i could see a difference.  It rained right after i left the carwash and after driving in the rain for 15mins the shine/cleanliness was still there.  So over all i'm super happy with this."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I also have a dark colored car that I used this on and did have some streaking. By re-applying another coat (being careful not to put too much on) corrected the problem as suggested by other reviewers. While the car really shines (I used a clay bar and detailer beforehand), the finish this product leaves is not slippery as regular waxes. This really isn't a problem, just don't expect a slick surface when you are done. I think the more I use it, the more I will like it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Had my 13 yr old car painted and the  body shop said no waxing for 90 days to let the paint out gas. I live in FL with bug season and water spots from washing and general dirt abound. Called Meguries and this stuff is body shop safe. Which means it will let the new paint out gas. I have been using it with excellent results between washes. Once the 90- days are up I will use a permeate wax.For really tough bug stains I use DP Detailers road kill bug remover and then the final inspection to bring the shine back. On very light bug splats the Final inspection works fine."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This hose nozzle lets out an amazing amount of water and looks like it could survive a nuclear blast.  I'm extremely impressed with the build quality and the functionality for washing dogs and my car.With my old nozzle, it would take a long time to wash the soap out of my dog's hair.  With this nozzle, the initial gush of water takes almost all of the soap away leaving them squeaky clean.  Same goes for rinsing soap off of my car.It's hard to imagine being excited about a hose nozzle but this thing is awesome."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It's been a month and it's pretty much has cleared the musty smell from the ax however the car has never had it done in 10 years until so I think I'll get another one and do it again in a couple of months and see if any left over is there but it does do the job.  Oh and be carefull because other people complain that the hose curls up and goes back out and sprays them in the face.  It didn't happen to me but just in case. You are not so sharp  Ha!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used these safety cables as a backup for the winch strap on the bow of our two personal watercraft. They are so easy to use I'm going to order more and use them to replace the safety chains on my trailers. This will save me a little time when hooking up the trailers because they simply snap onto the truck instead of having to thread the chain through and tighten up the chain link. Also they self retract so won't need to be wrapped around the trailer so they won't drag on the ground like chains.The materials and construction are good in my opinion. The price is quite reasonable too."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this pad with theMeguiar's G110v2 Professional Dual Action Polisherto applyMeguiar's  M-0616 Mirror Glaze Professional Cleaner/Wax. 16 oz. liquidand thenMeguiar's  NXT Generation Tech Wax 2.0 (18-Ounce Liquid).The pad stayed securely on the polisher (hooks and loops system) and followed the car's body fine.  I only had one pad and had to wash it after using Mirror Glaze and before using NXT Wax. I attached the wet pad to the DA polisher and turned it on to spin the water out of the pad. The pad did not fly off.Using the DA Polisher and foam pads allowed me to perform a lot of time and labor consuming tasks in a lot less time if I attempted to do it by hand.I am very satisfied with this pad."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased a bottle of Mothers Glass cleaner simply because I have used other Mothers products (waxes) and they seem to work very well. Also, this cleaner is safe for tinted windows because it does not contain ammonia.Unfortunately, I was extremely disappointed with this glass cleaner as it streaked more than Windex and no matter what I tried, I could not remove the streaks at all!I did not notice any difference in the streakiness between non-tinted and tinted glass. Both were pretty bad.I ended up just throwing the bottle out and went back to using microfiber cloths and purified/distilled water."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I detailed two of my cars this week and used a paste wax on the Corvette while going through the identical process on my Jeep except using this liquid wax as the last step. The wax was very easy to put on and easy to use. In-fact I think it was easier to use than the paste wax. However, when I put both vehicles side by side the shines look identical. I think that is a plus for the liquid wax as it is easier to put on and remove than the paste waxes. I have never gotten a bad Mother's product. This is highly recommended. It may cost a  fraction more than some of the store brands however it is worth it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My '99 Bounder diesel had Valterra valves on it, but the handle for my grey water tank had one half snap off in the cold one year.Plus, after 15 years, said grey water valve's seal had started to drip a tiny bit.  My wife can smell a flea's fart from a mile, so I knew about it in short order.Now, it was a definite challenge to get the seals to remain in place while wedging the valve into place, though I put a thin coating of silicone grease on mine to both prevent leaks and prolong lifespan, but I found, if I loosened the hose clamp holding the pipe to the tank, I could twist the pipe and push it in...GENTLY.  This gave me enough room to get both the grey and black tank valves in place, seals properly seated."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Well, it works. Look, I expect a product to be user friendly...this one is awkward to put on the valve and then read. It does not always give you a good readout the first try. I will have to check the valve two or three times to get a proper read. By time you do four tires your knees are shot. The digital read out is not very bright either. All and all I am looking for a better gauge. Lots of folks liked it though, that is way I tryed it, so its up to you.Of course, if your are young enough, and have good eyes and knees this is probably just right for you. Good luck."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I wasn't surprised when I tried the 2.0.  Very effective polish for novice to enthusiast just as how it was with their original ScratchX.For those that aren't getting good results, you are probably not using the product correctly, or your scratch is just too deep.I like that there is no shaking needed.  I just grab the bottle, pour a dab onto my pad, and immediately use.Also the worked in polish easily wipes off the panel.I am very happy with the results.I consider myself a weekend car enthusiast, use professional equipment to detail my cars."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These jack stands are pretty well made.  And very light.  They do the job and offer adequate height adjustment.  Only criticism is that the base is fairly small for its size and could get a little wobbly if the jack is extended to its maximum height.  I haven't had a problem yet, so this concern may be unwarranted.  I use these stands with hockey pucks for protection of my car's frame.  They fit nicely on top of the supports.  I would buy these again for sure."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased Meguiar's Gold Class Carnauba Plus Wax to use on an old Corvette I purchased. The car's finish was in pretty good shape despite being 22 years old. Since the paint was original, I didn't want anything to harsh, and I wanted to do it by hand. Much to my surprise, Meguiar's Gold Class Carnauba Plus Wax made the car look almost like new. The paint color is black, and it shines like a mirror. When my neighbor saw my car, he asked if I had it repainted. Besides looking great, the wax was also easy to get on and off. I really can't think of anything negative to say about it other than it costs more than most waxes. But in this case, you definitely get what you pay for. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This Permatex Ultrablack is wonderful stuff, a tough sealant and it does NOT tend to harden in the tube - - it's always ready to use when I take off the cap. Unfortunately, this particular item is ONLY 1/2 OUNCE!!So it's not a good deal for the price. There is no info in the item posting, you have to notice the image and the \"0.5oz\" on the package (which I didn't). Go for the 3.5 ounce tube, much better deal.5 stars for the product, 2 stars for the incomplete description."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I detail cars all the time and have used many products with limited or even disappointing results, but Invisible Glass beats them all.  It's almost like using distilled water (which works very well for mild cleaning), and for more moderate dirt removal it may take more than one application, but it cleans exceptionally well.  I use it for auto and home.  It's one of the only products that can be used on tinted or treated glass, it doesn't streak, and if used regularly it almost polishes the glass.  It's a great product!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "First of all, THIS PRODUCT CONTAINS A MOUNTING BRACKET! For the first time ever, I didn't read reviews here before purchasing and bought a separate mounting bracket which Amazon lists as \"frequently purchased together\". On the flip side though, I doubled up the brackets to make them a bit more sturdy. The bracket will bend backwards from the force of pushing the 7 pin plug in otherwise.The adapter itself is made of a thick plastic so corrosion shouldn't be an issue. Both covers work well and should keep out the elements though dielectric grease should be used as well. The wires are heavy (enough) gauge and have good jackets to them and the included crimp connectors are a nice bonus, though I always recommend soldering them.My only complaint is the cheap screws that come with it. Everything needed to mount it is included but it's very soft steel and strips with little effort. Do yourself a favor and pick up some nice stainless screws at least for where it mounts to the vehicle."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I really like this product. Although I prefer the 3M tire restorer, it happens to be extremely expensive, so I just use this Meguiar's. It gives a really good shine and I also used it on plastics -they become really black, trust me.Note: Some people give this 3 or 4 stars because \"it stains\" or \"doesn't last long\" this is ludicrous. On my car it does hold up at least 3 weeks to a month easy. You can expect it to last for a year. Same thing with staining the pavement -most of this product do, is normal. For the price this is the best product out there"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had used this product before and was looking to purchase more. It is not available where I live so I had to order it online. This wax is a paste and is easy to apply with a slightly damp cloth or applicator. I am currently using it on my boat and cars. I would suggest working a smaller area to avoid the wax drying and becoming harder to remove. If you stay in a 2x2 or so section it is easy to put on and take off. It leaves a very slick surface and a good shine. If you use a carwash soap for cleaning, the wax will remain for quite some time. I have noticed it seems to hold up well on the boat in saltwater as well. That says a lot for anything in the Florida sun."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This works exactly as you expect. If your gap is too small, you can just slightly tilt the entire gauge while measuring the gap, and the gap will extend some... that is, measure, push to extend, re-measure, and repeat until you have the right gap.You can also use the inside of the small ring area to expand the gap. This is where I think the tool could improve. The small edge of the wedge on the inner ring could be smaller. Once, I happened to tap my gap too small to fit on that wedge, and had some trouble getting the gap to open back up enough to again work on the gauge.All in all, though, this is a necessity in my motorcycle tool bag."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Love this!  Does what everyone says.  Puts a polish and shine that lasts 3-6 months.  Makes new cars staybright and old oxidized cars 'almost' look new.  What's great is just rub on and buff off in 15 min., and you use only a capful per 3 sq/ft.  Water beads up and rolls off, or gets blown off while driving(water flies off the windshield). Between waxing, add a capful to bucket of clean water and wash your car. MUST dry car immediately with microfiber cloths so no spots will form.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!  Great shipping by AMAZON and VENDOR."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had to use quite a stack of wood blocks under my travel trailer (TT) jack because I've had the axles flipped on it.  It sits about 4 inches higher than when it was stock.  When I saw this recommended by Amazon I was all over it.  I still use a few blocks of wood along with this just to further minimize the amount of jack travel required.  I would have given it 5 stars if I didn't have to remove the foot from the jack in order to use it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Given the reviews, I expected a good quality product, but this item exceeded my expectations.  This is not just some piece of junk that will get the job done, I expect it to last.  I ordered this to hook up to a 12v tractor battery to supply power to my electronics while camping.  I quickly hooked the clamps to my battery, plugged in my phones charger and it began to charge.  I plan on putting together a complete set-up with a solar charger and power inverter.  I am going to order a few more of these for other uses as they come up."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Ordered this tool to align new headlamps I installed in my ranger. If you're looking at this review right now, you probably already know how difficult it is to access the headlamp adjusters. Thats where this little bundle of joy comes in, making it nearly effortless to align ford headlight assemblies. When you're not able (or willing) to use a small ratchet and metric socket to adjust the headlamps, than this is the tool for the job. And as always, Lisle makes an awesome product (which mostly tend to be made in the USA). Overall, great buy."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Nu Finish and this product were listed as the top spots with Nu Finish liquid beating this one out only due to a lower cost and it being their best buy then.  Well I have Nu Finish and I have used it on a lot of cars and there is nothing wrong with it.  I just wanted to try something new.  This stuff goes on with less mess than the Nu Finish, comes off easier IMHO and also I believe it has a better shine.  I did however use a Meguiars polish before putting this wax on and I had never done that before ever using the Nu Finish.  I'll wax with this stuff about once a month and every weekend when I don't use this wax I use theMeguiar's Ultimate Quik Wax"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The dash of my black car is anthracite gray, and it shows dust easily. The California duster is created for either exteriors or interiors of cars and is impregnated with paraffin wax. This picks up the dust and the soft fibers float over the uneven surfaces of the car interior, picking it all up in one swipe.I keep this in the car and once a week I swipe down the interior all over to keep the car sparkling clean. It's small enough to keep handy under the seat.This makes a really nice gift for someone to congratulate them on their new car, or for someone who likes doing their own detailing."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Although I bought expensive potable water hoses for my motorhome and gave them a good rinsing before connecting them, I still detected that distinctive \"hose taste\" in my RV's water.  Installing this filter between the hose and my RV eliminated that taste.  It also filters out odd odors and tastes that I encounter with some campground water.  When there are high chlorine levels in the water, this filter won't get rid of all of it but it does knock it down.  Be sure to rinse the filter for about one minute before connecting it to your RV for the first time or you'll get black carbon powder in your water.  The included flexible hose protector works perfectly; enabling me to connect the filter directly to my RV water inlet without the need for any other fittings, allowing me to close and lock the access door.After using one of these filters for about a year, I would not consider ever connecting my motorhome to any water supply without having this filter on-line."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The Meguiar's X2020 are the best bang for the buck, bar none!  What separates them from MOST other microfiber towels is that they are LARGE in size.  Most other microfiber towels, including the popular Zwipes here on Amazon are much smaller so you need 2-3 of them to do what 1 of these X2020's do.  The X2020's are also high quality and remove wax or detailing polish/liquid so smoothly.  The roughly $2 or so price per towel is pricey but b/c of what they do, it's definitely worth it.  Next time Amazon has a sale, i'm loading up on these again."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My 2010 Fusion has 72,000 miles now and I noticed a small loss of power and the engine would idle a little roughly. More vibration then usual. I've changed the air filter, spark plugs, no difference. I've used Zmax and other additives, and not much change. I put in the Marvel stuff, and notice a huge pickup in power, very smooth idle and gas mileage went up 2 mpg. I'd recommend this to anyone, with a newer or older vehicle. You can even add a small amount, (16 ounces), to your transmission fluid, and it'll clean any gunk inside. Will not harm it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "We bought three of these LifeHammer \"Emergency Hammers\" after watching the \"Mythbusters\" episodes on escaping from a sinking car. We live in the mountains with a lot winding roads, often with water at the bottom, and these Hammers seem like a worthwhile and prudent precaution. Here are my observations:+ Colorful; bright orange makes it easy to see+ Very Pointy; both hammer ends are very pointy and I don't doubt at all that they could break a car side window+ Sharp Seatbelt Cutter; well protected so you can't get your fingers in it, tested with a ribbon and it cut easily+ Plastic Holder; works surprisingly well to cover the pointy bits and is east to remove quicklyAs my title says, it is better to have and not need than to need and not have.Highly Recommended! Here is the single on we also boughtLifeHammer Orange Original Emergency HammerCFH"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I drive a CLS 550 AMG Mercedes which is high maintenance.  Once a month I flush my tank out with this.  If I have any left over I put it in my brother's truck.  Both vehicles run like champs.  I notice a significant performance increase when the gas has the Techron in it.  Not just for high performance vehicles, but any vehicle can benefit from being cleaned and flushed with this product.  If you don't think so, buy a bottle and prove me wrong (unless your vehicle doesn't have an engine, then I'm wrong).  :)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'm not a professional and I haven't spent a lot of time detailing my car, but I did some research and wanted to get the best feel and look for my car and tried this product. I've heard everyone talk about the clay and I really don't know the difference, but that may be simply that I am new to detailing my car. Anyway, it took the contaminants off my car and make it as smooth as glass. I can tell from using it that it was smoothing out the surface of the car in seconds! And it was fun! I took the time and did my car in less than an hour and it's look great ever since."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Bought this to use for a camper, It works as a hose, but the ends are plastic.  Initially, I didn't have a problem with this, but at one campground the end was fused to the spigot at my campsite.  I had to use a wrench to get it to release, this damaged the end and I had to buy a new hose.  Also, before this happened it was difficult to get the hose to not leak through the connection.  Defnitely, I recommend getting a hose with metal ends."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I haven't used the product yet, but I'm sure it'll do its job relatively well when it comes to plugging up tread holes for a temporary fix. At the same time, it would probably be much better to just buy a tire plugging kit and have a little bit of know-how if you are physically capable. I bought this for my brother, who is a new driver and does not know how to replace a tire. It's in the trunk in case he ever blows a tire the &#34;right&#34; way."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "It is apparently well made.  Works as you would expect.  Mine reads between 1 and 2lbs higher than the pressure compared with my racing gauge in the 29lb - 44lb range.  It is marked in 2lb increments but seems to bounce around a bit.  wouldn't count on getting closer than within 2 of your desired pressure with this unit.  It is good for filling past your point, knowing you are there,  then use a more accurate gauge and let air down to the exact pressure you seek.  For lots of uses it will be fine just to go with this tool and accept the +/- 2 lbs or so of error."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'm a newbie RV person (though I'm 74 years old) so took advice of others on blogs and ordered a 25' and a 50' hose for my new travel trailer.  The threads on the female end are plastic so I'm hopeful they will hold up.  They do have a 10 year warranty.  I unrolled them today and had no kinking when I carefully stretched them out.  Since they were wrapped tightly for shipping I assuming under normal use they will serve their purpose well."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Are you kidding me...the bubblegum smell is awesome!When paired with warm water and a decent wash mitt, this product does seem to loosen up dirt and bugs and makes cleaning rather easy.I've been using this product for years and haven't had any complaints until I left my car inside my warehouse and used the acetylene torch to do some metal cutting. The fallout from the torch stuck to the car like glue and nothing has been able to take it off except for a product called Super Gloss Ultimate.Unfortunately, the Super Gloss Ultimate is extremely hard to find, but for those interested it can be purchased at iShoptogive.com. No, it's not a car wash soap, it's a wax."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have used Flitz extensively over a 15 year timeframe.  I used to detail corporate aircraft, and we had large panels of polished aluminum on spinners, nacelles, and leading edges of the wings.  Flitz made the job go quick, and it provided one of the longest lasting results.  Today, I still use it on cars for brightwork, and on jewelry, silverware, and a multitude of other uses.  2 pounds lasts me a long time despite frequent use.  Flitz also does a good job restoring plastic headlight lenses."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "this is an excellent final coat wax for your car.  In my case I use the Meguiar's NXT polish,  wait several hours to let it cure, then apply this wax.  I use it on my car that has color (my other car is white).  Be aware, it is harder to buff this.  I maintain my cars by hand and became tired thei first time I used it.  (I washed, clayed, hand compounded, then did 2 coats of wax).  The next car I did I paced myself and washed/ compounded one day.  Then the next day I polished and waxed the car."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Larger than I expected and solid feel like. The only cons is the curve is not snapped under wheel smoothly and there is a gap between curved surface and wheel line. So I do not know if it is really working or not because the function of chock is for the accidental circumstances the car slipped back,however, it is not usually happened when the car is put on the parking gear and hand brake is applied.  So hard to say it's good or working, unless the car is really accidentally slipped back and blocked by this wheel chock.  Then you can finally see if the chock is good or not.  But anyway,  it worths that money."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "i use this cleaner on my 04 wrx,i run it through the intake,the gas and the oil,as far as running it through the oil you should only do it right before  an oil change as seafoam isnt a lubricant, if you put it in your oil do it before an oil change run your car for about 40 miles then change the oil and you will be goodrunning through your gas is self explanatory just dump it in:)for running through the intake i find the easiest way is to put in through the brake booster,when you do poor it in slowly  otherwise your car will die,the engine may stumble while pouring it in but that's fine,after you've done that shut the car off for about 10 minutes,after that start your car up and go for a drive and enjoy the smoke show,your car will run ten times better afterwords and it will idle smoother as well great product!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Voodoo? Snake oil? or is it the real deal? I don't know, but I like it!I use in my Tacoma every oil change, swap out a quart with MMO. Now using it for my Honda outboard. And will add it next time for my mower and 4 cycle weed-eater.It doesn't cost anymore than other quality synthetics, so I see no harm no foul in using this for the duration.I did get the best gas mileage ever in my Tacoma after the first time I used it in my oil change. While not scientific, it was convincing enough for me. Not trying to convert anyone else except I bought some for my dad as a reverse handing down of knowledge."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I am writing this review after three years of ownership:This is the best digital tire gauge I have ever come across.  This Accutire model came highly recommended from reviewers and that is why I eventually bought it.  It features an easy to read red digital readout that gives accurate 0.5lb increments and the readings take less than a second to register.  The tire valve/gauge seal is great, the rubberized handle easy to grip (even with gloves) and the size fits nicely in a glove compartment.  After three years of nearly monthly readings on all my family's cars, I'm yet to replace the batteries.  This is the third digital gauge I've owned; the first one was worthless trash and the second was ok but not particularly well made or durable.  The third time was a charm with this rugged Accutire model.  I highly recommend this gauge for anyone who checks tires regularly, and it is a good idea to check them regularly for safety, tread wear and gas mileage purposes."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Not sure what this stuff is or why it works, but it does. I had a 1986 Honda Shadow that had a hard time starting up, and it would randomly choke out and die sometimes. Mechanic said I might need a carb job (super expensive, you have to dismantle the bike). I threw in some Seafoam (full can into an empty tank, just before refueling). Bike ran like new. HOW?Lots of other people have given dozens of incredible uses for Seafoam too, so I'm sure it will serve many other purposes as well."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Never lost a battery to winter low temperatures/forgetting to charge it since I got this.  I peer thru a garage door window occasionally to check that it's little LED light is green, and that's it.  I chose this brand because it doesn't drain your battery if the power goes off.  We have power outages here from time to time, and our old wiring has had some bad connections show up in our house's history, so I didn't want that worry.Chose the Plus model because I'm using it on a size 27 or 29 (can't recall which) deep cycle battery.  It took a long while charging when the battery was 50% discharged, but it does do it - no need to fast charge the battery first with another charger."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I was going to buy a few of these but found them priced $3 lower for the 3 packs on another online dealer....that's why i took off a star.I love these towels, they are the right size to buff my cars when using a detail spray or spray wax. You can fold over several times when detailing your car....It has the right thickness to wipe up detail spray or spray wax. It can also clean glass to a crytal clear finish with just water & a lil vinegar.If you're serious about making your car look fantastic, you need to get these."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Noticeable difference almost instantly.  I was surprised.  I am somewhat crazy when it comes to maintenance on my vehicles.  I reagularly do the required maintenance before it is required.  When I changed the gear lube in my axles (front and rear) it felt like someone had &#34;unlocked&#34; the truck.  there was a noticeable difference in drag. The vehicle seems to accelerate easier, and less pedal was required to keep it moving.  I knew this was good stuff, but I was pleasantly surprised after changing the oil.  I notice very similar results after every engine oil change.  no joke."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "First, as with all of the Dupli-Color Metalcast paints, if you want the metalcast effect, you'll have to use the Dupli-Color Metalcast Ground Coat (MC100) on the surface before you apply the color or it will not come out right. The can says that it also comes out the same if you're painting directly onto chrome like surface but I have not tried this so I don't know. Now for this green. I'm more of a blue and purple guy for dark colors so only by my personal preference do I say that this green comes out just a tad light in color for me. Overall though, if you use the ground coat this comes out great with a nice metal sheen. I recommend this product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The brush is made of a VERY hard plastic. It is intended to clean very hard areas, do not even think about cleaning something sensitive, this is for heavy use only.The Handle is a very cheap - but hard - plastic. One can easily notice the part where they got together, although I thought and wanted it to be wood, that'd be perfect.Bought to clean the studs on the wheel but not sure it it'll scratch them, probably not since it's just plastic. Looks like it will last forever!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After reading the reviews on this product, I decided to bite the bullet and pay the high price for cockpit premium. I couldn't wait to get the stuff and start using it and I was excited to see for myself firsthand what the great fragrance was that everyone was &#34;ramping & raving about.Yes, the smell is nice for the whole 5 minutes you smell it. But after that, it dissipates into the air and you no longer can smell it. As far as the cleaning part goes, I'm not impressed with that either.I would not recommend this product to a friend unless it was $5 to $6 bucks cheaper."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have owned no less than 15 different nozzles over the years. One has been worse than the next. The ones you drop after you use which are made of plastic simply break. Then there are the ones with the several settings and trigger which constrict the flow so much that you would think it needed a dose of flomax! I have used many types in between. This unit is simply the best. I never realized the pressure I had restricted by using the other ones. When I turned the spigot on all the way, I could get a good steady stream over 20 feet no problem at all. I drop it after use without worrying about cracking it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is my third K&N; filter that I had purchased. When Amazon had a sale, I immediately bought a third for my 05 Camry. I also have filters for my 2007 Highlander and 1997 Chevy G3500. They all have given me smoother acceleration and a 10% increase in fuel economy. I went from 19-20MPG to 22-23MPG. It's only a couple MPG, but it really adds up in the long run. I wasn't expecting massive gains, because as other reviewers have said, if these filters gave significant increases in MPG, all the Car manufacturers would be installing these as standard or creating their own versions.As for the horsepower increase claim, I would only know if I put the car on a Dyno, so I can't say if there's a difference.Overall, worth the buy if you don't want to keep buying new disposable filters."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "A liter of this stuff will last you a long time if you don't have many cars with leather seats. I just bought this for my lambskin leather jacket and my leather gloves. It seems to really soften up the leather. I think my jacket was really &#34;dry&#34; and it felt considerably heavier afterwards. The leather feels much more durable. My gloves are also much more water repellant and don't absorb water quite so quickly. I have no way of knowing if this is the best product on the market, but nonetheless it's pretty darned good!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "They are levels for a camper  and in that respect they function well.  The fineness of the level's reading can mean little you don't take care during installation.  Jack it up or do whatever  you need to do to  level your camper.  I use a quality 2' or longer carpentry level  and  I use the inside floor to level from - width and length.  Jack the camper up or drive it up on blocks but get it as close to level as you can.  I install these levels on the rear in the center and right side  near center or forward.  They have sticky back tape on so they will hold in place but being never satisfied with sticky tape I screw them down."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used this in my KZ Spree 19' travel trailer to winterize the plumbing myself.The instructions are clear, the fittings are correct and fit well with no leaks.It took me no more than 15 minutes to install this kit, which is then left in place for next year saving even more time and money, and flush the plumbing with three gallons of anti-freeze.Without this kit, it would have cost twice as much to assemble my own set-up at home-depot, and taken twice as long. This is reasonably priced, shipped quickly, and is a much better alternative then filling your freshwater supply with many more gallons of coolant.Bottom line. It works well, doesn't leak, and saves time and money."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Why all the hype they have bad welds, they have this that or the other.....  Sometimes you get a bad product.  Does not mean that all the products are defective.  I purchased a set this past week and they have 100% perfect welds.  The product is in perfect shape and comes complete with instructions.  if you get a bad set, send them back.  Amazon takes them back.  I am a welder and a mechanic.  Yes, I've gotten bad products, but it doesn't mean you berate the product to death.  They have worked fine under a Kubota with a back hoe attached.  They do the job that they are supposed to do.  If you seem to think the product is defective send them back, get another set and rate what is used.  I feel completely safe working under these and have!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "it works well, it's well made, but make sure you realize it has a built in timer. If you camp in your van at night and have a spare battery that you use for things like this and expect you to keep you warm all night you'll wake up an hour later freezing. There is another blanket out there that doesn't have a timer for that purpose. But I keep this one in my boat for rides on chilly days when my mom gets cold. And here the timer is perfect so it doesn't accidentally get left on."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I puchased this a while back, but I just now ran out of gas while out shopping.  Luckily the car parked next to me had a full tank of gas.  The gas cap wasn't locked so....Calm down, I'm kidding!  I used this for legal purposes and it worked great.  About 10 seconds of shaking and the gas was flowing.  After you get to the bottom of the tank, if you pull out the metal end without shaking or bumping it at all, you can maximize its effiency by not releasing any of the fuel in the siphon back into the tank you are draining.  This worked perfectly and I highly recommend this item."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This treatment works well to &#34;kill&#34; rust and should be used along with a good rust primer and top coat paint to prevent future reoccurrence of corrosion returning. This product essentially treats the rust as the surface of the metal becomes pitted and sanding or grinding does not remove all of it before painting. Good product to use in any area you do not want to continually do over. This product is an absolute must to have on the shelf for any auto or product used in high salt states such as in the Northeast area of the country. Small price to pay for an added layer of security to your rust prevention project."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I got sick of using my &#34;Common&#34; funnel for different uses, trying to clean up an oily funnel so you can use it for Sea Foam is just dumb when you can get these for a little more than $1.  The size/length is perfect for gas-tank additives.  I purchased 3, I keep one in the garage to pour Sea Foam into my cara/motorcycle/snow-blower/lawnmower.  And the other 2 I keep in whatever vehicle I'm currently using, in my &#34;just in case&#34; pack.Great product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have been washing all my cars for years with Turtle Wax Car Wash and have always been satisfied with this Turtle Wax products.When I bought this product, Turtle Wax ZIP CarWax, I was really disappointed about its wash performance :- the &#34;concentrate&#34; in the bottle is very watery to begin with; no comparison to Turtle Wax's original ZIP car wash- even though I used 1 fl. oz. (~ 30 ml) with a bucket of water this product does not generate any suds- because of this it is tough to get grime and dirt off; you have to scrub really hardI am baffled that this product has so many positive reviews; maybe Turtle wax recently has changed the formula for this product, and I got the newest version."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Your wheels typically have a clearcoat, and this is sprayed on, then using a soft brush, you can get all the brake dust off, then rinse the wheel.  But you can ALSO spray the rest of your car with this.  Brake dust settles on the lower part of your car's front doors, so you can spray these along the bottom.  I use my hand (with a glove) to rub the liquid as I hose it down, and it cleans all of the dust and much of the road tar, meaning very little use of the abrasive clay that most detailers will resort to for tough spots.  This is a less aggressive alternative to clay, and should be in every car-lover's arsenal.Recommended!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I am using this on a Curt receiver and the length is perfect.  It appears to be of high quality construction (with a bit if weight to it) and this design prevents any rattling on bumpy roads.  My only complaint is that it gets rust buildup inside the lock mechanism after a few months, so you need to clean it periodically.Update:A great deal of dirt has found its way into the lock mechanism so I guess the fit is not secure like it should be.  Also it is now rusting which I find a bit odd in all stainless construction.  I see the head design has changed based on the new picture here so maybe the issue is fixed now."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This stuff has a million uses in the garage and around the house/yard.  Any fastener that may rust, corrode, or otherwise lock up, just put a thin coat on the threads and don't worry...it'll come right off next time.  Use it on axle bolts, lug nuts, spark plugs, really any nut, bolt, screw, or anything exposed to the elements that you don't wan to seize.  And for the price, an 8oz bottle will last you for years!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I use the &#34;scary sharp&#34; method of sharpening knives, plane irons, and chisels. That involves wetting a sheet of abrasive, laying it on a flat surface, like a thick sheet of glass (I use a surface plate) and sharpening tools on that. For the occasional woodworker it's inexpensive and very effective, and a lot less messy than waterstones.Reshaping damaged edges, I start with something like 325 grit wet-or-dry . For normal honing I start with 3M's 800 grit sheet and finish with this. It provides a mirror finish and a single sheet lasts through many sharpening cycles. I'll probably eventually invest in a set of good waterstones ($150-200) but for now this is a good substitute."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "You are better off going to your local department store and buying the Craftsman brand nozzle instead. It is identical to this one except the green part is silver. And it comes with a lifetime replacement guarantee unlike this Bon-Aire one. It's also about the same price.That said, I prefer a trigger type nozzle because to turn this off, you have to rotate it several revolutions and then it doesn't remember the spray setting you were at. This type of nozzle may be good if you're holding it for a long period of time watering your garden or something like that, but for washing your car when you only turn the water on periodically, it doesn't work as well as a trigger type hose nozzle."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product is so inferior to Griots that it is not funny. Look, Meguiar's makes great car wax products, this is probably a product they sub out and then add a make up too. It's too thin, to small, just all together beneath the reputation of Meguiar's product line. As a drying cloth not very good at all. As a wax removal cloth just not good enough. Listen if you detail your engine compartment these are just fine. If you are not a car person, these are going to be good enough for you, really. But if you are fussy about your car, wax it , detail it.... these would be the product you want to use for wheels, engines and door jams. I already own them so that is what I will use them for, same a an old house towel would be used. If that is what you are looking for , look no further, these will do. But for drying or wax removal....NOT."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "A good, OEM replacement fuel filter for many Ford vehicles. Often overlooked as routine maintenance, fuel filters can (without warning) become clogged and, in turn, lead to vehicle reliability issues. This is especially true up norh, where seasonal mixes of gasoline affect the fuel system differently. Additionally, if you utilize E-85 ethanol in your vehicle, than you should be replacing these things more frequently than you may be used to. A final thought to extend the life of your new Motorcraft fuel filter...don't pump gas at station that is currently being re-fueled by a fuel tanker, as deposited fuel tank sediment can be stirred up in the process."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this kit to give me the parts to do tie rods and center link on an old MB diesel.  The kit was perfect and the tools were decent.  My main issue and reason for not given five stars is that this is not US-made.  Global economy or whatever, when I'm looking for quality tools, I'm not looking for products from overseas sold at top prices.  Sure, these are better than Harbor Freight, but I doubt the third world labor to make this was much higher than the HF part.But that is a rant to have another day, and I can point you towards a better kit for now.  So this is a great tool set for the DIY mechanic.. But I do hope that OTC brings manufacture to the USA."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "With the fine threading it may be stronger but doubt that this feature will make a difference. The split washer is chrome plated which is a mistake as the chroming weakens the washer and a piece off the end cracked off when I first attached the ball to a hitch.The directions state that the nut should be torqued to 450 ft. lbs. which is likely to be an error. Hard to even find a torque wrench that goes up to 450 foot lbs. much less someone who could tighten the nut to that specification without a 4 foot cheater bar."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this based on the recommendation of a friend. It works well, and if you are very certain your freshly washed car is free from all debris, you will likely not cause any scratching. However, if you pick up some rogue sand granule or some other debris, you could cause clear coat damage.After watching an episode of Drive Clean and seeing them use microfiber towels in the same manner, I made the switch. It takes a little longer, but the microfiber towel is marginally safer on your precious paint job and if you're auto obsessed, it may be worth the extra time. The microfiber are also easier to clean, just wash and dry and you are on your way. This thing will get mold unless you let it dry out completely and is a pain to wash by hand. I still use it around the house and it works well, it just no longer gets anywhere near my new car."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "it's usefully to get a wire off the ground, but it's pretty thick, and it set up for round tube, like a class III/IV, and not a square class I so it wasn't going to be easy to install, and be functional. i ended up installing the plug in trunk, and will have to have it come out that way, disapointing, but it works better that where i'd have to put it.it's easily 2x the thickness of the plug, and 2x as long. the plug will stick out a bit. if i had round tube, a self tapping screw would have worked well."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I had a cracked air intake hose that caused the \"check engine\" light to go on, but a couple days after I fixed it.  I wasn't sure if that was the reason, and if it was, I didn't want to take it to a dealer just to clear that code.This did the trick.  Very easy to use, gave me the code so I could check what it was. Once I found out, I knew it was the cracked hose.  Cleared the message using this unit, and it never came back.  Had I taken it to a mechanic or dealer, they'd probably have told me it was some other problem and I wouldn't have know if they were telling me the truth or not."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "this product is as good as the turtle platinun, carnauba mother step 3. and the price is lower and equal quality of the three brands, the brightness of the car depends on the quality of the painting and not the wax. for this reason the high prices of other products can not be justified, after several years of experience in this field I recommend Meguiar carnauba step 3, I recommend waxing every month depending on weather and if the car is exposed or not the sun .. or every two weeks and has not so abrasive that can be used many times as you want."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "this unit is easy to use, read and durable. I had one for 20 years before it finally gave out (dropped once too many times). I bought a digital unit - wont work or quirky if it's too hot, too cold, raining, icy, snowy, and many times not easy to read. There's a reason that all of us have ANALOG clocks in our kitchen - our brain processes an analog dial far faster and more intuitively than a digital readout.Get this - you know you need one. Put in glove box and use once a month."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Not much to say, other than to let people know these work on Ford vehicles.I installed them on my Truck and my wife's Escape.  Both vehicles only use 2 screws so I was able to use one package for the 2 vehicles.On my truck I took the extra time to reach behind and put the white plastic \"nut\" on the end of the screw (on the tip of the screw that stuck through the bumper).  This will make it pretty much impossible to remove the screws without holding onto the nut.(I think the white plastic thing is actually meant as a bushing for larger holes???)For my wife's escape I couldn't reach the back side of the screw without take apart the hatch so I just put the screws in.Like others have said, this isn't \"bulletproof\" - but it will deter theft.  I could take out the old screws with my pocketknife so anyone walking by could steal the license plate in about 10 seconds time.  This will prevent that type of theft..."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "First, this filter will NOT give you huge horsepower gains, it might give you minimal MPG gains just by replacing the filter from a dirty, clogged one, but that will come with any filter. I bought this filter because it does save money, money you would be spending buying paper filters over and over again, with this and a 10-15 dollar service kit, this filter will last your vehicles lifetime. There is a trade off though, this filter does not screen out dirt as well as say a \"paper\" or foam type filter, that is why \"off roading\" voids the damage warranty. however i never off road, and for highway and street use, this filter is King in terms of economy and durability (it is made of 4-5 layers of cotton encased with a aluminum wire mesh surrounded by hand poured urethane), they mean it when they say it will last a Million miles. This filter earns my recommendation."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "You can't beat these tools in ease of replacing tie rod ends.  I haven't tried the pitman arm puller or the ball joint tool yet, but if they're anything like the tie rod tools, they'll make your life way easier.  Don't mess around with those pickle stabbers, get a real set of tools and make your life easier.  They're beefy enough to work on everything the &#34;home mechanic&#34; can throw at them, and it's really refreshing when you can take a tie rod end off with barely a twist of a wrench.  They come in a nice case too!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This has a lot of uses beyond car applications.  I used a sheet of it on the drywall behind in-wall speakers to cut the amount of sound radiating through the back wall and tighten the sound.  I used a sheet of it inside a computer case, to eliminate a tinny rattle that came from the case vibration while it was on.  You can even put pieces of it on the inside of washing machine or dryer panels to make them quieter.It does have one drawback, and that's the fact that once you stick it on something, you will not be able to get it off without making a big mess.  It is essentially tar with a foil outer cover, and trying to get it off just leaves a bunch of sticky tar behind.  So, choose the place you want it carefully before sticking it down!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Since they made this non flammable and tire sensor safe it doesn't seal as good as it used to, but still a good product.  Shake it up real good, pull out the nail or metal sticking in the tire first if there is one.  This won't seal a tire well if you leave the nail in there.  I carry two cans per car because I had a hose assembly break. Or,  keep the nozzle hose assembly off the top of the can for a spare.  This will seal some bead leaks, but not with the wheel mounted on the car.  Take the wheel off. lay it flat with the leaking bead side down, and slowly lift and lower the tire to get the stuff to the bead rim contact area.  Good for galvanized trailer tires which always seem to leak there."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "When I first got it, the wrench did work, however, it was never that easy to use due to needing to be flared out first to fit over the filter.  At some point, I lost the spring (not sure why it could even detatch) and then it was rendered completely useless.  Ended up buying a couple of the large socket looking ones that come in three sizes to fit common filters.  They're a bit cheaper, but I had to buy multiple so they end up costing more.  But, they also work, easily, every time."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Noticed immediate difference. Idle is smoother, acceleration is quicker, and cruising on the highway feels assertive with much more power to be had. There was a $10 off coupon for a long time and with prime so I could not refuse. I cannot wait to drive my car again. I feel like Mobil 1 is a brand that does not need to heavily advertise because their product is so good already. It is a trusted brand and your engine is being protected without any second guesses! BMW, Benz, and the GTR use this so why can't yours?!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Strong and well made. I recommend this product, and Prime for shipping 2-day. Very handy to have one of these, good truck fit and connection, nice there are two positions for mounting it. Though it states Made in China it seems well made. Expect the paint to come off with use, lube the hook well. The only problem I foresee is grease on the pants if you choose to leave it on, as you can't put a cover over it. Leaving it on the farthest-in position may help."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This product works at least as well as other similary priced scratch removers/hiders....only really effective on very shallow and narrow scratches and swirl marks. I have tried 3 of these specialized scratch products, and none of them hide scratches quite as well as regular Eagle One NanoWax (now discontinued). These products work by filling in the scratch with material that makes the scratch visible only under certain lighting conditions and viewing angles. Meguiars, like most of the others, work better than ordinary wax at hiding very minor scratches, but don't expect miracles."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The relay setup is a breeze, if you want to make things easy just connect the aux plug directly to the power plug & horn will work at all times, rather than just when the car is on. You CANNOT take the bolt off on the back, dont try to, the covers can be removed and painted with ease by removing the black screws around the bezel. Also, we cut & drilled a new hole on the bracket to place them where we wanted them & that bracket is made of reinforced Steele & took forever to drill through. Excellent product"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "For those that are still using the old pencil/plunger type of gauge, I would suggest to change to this digital gauge. Not only you get very accurate readings to 1/2 lb psi, but the ease of use is just amazing. You push with the very ergonomic design on the tire valve and the air-tight seal is easily maintained to get a reading. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is because it doesn't have a protrusion to bleed air if you over inflate the tires. No big deal, I just use a pointed tool such as a philips screw driver to bleed air."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "What is not to love about a cheap genuine K&N; product?  It fit in my car with zero issues and its K&N; so you know its quality.On a nice side note for the men out there,  K&N; includes a sticker to put on the air box that says the filter is a K&N; product and does not need to be replaced.  I only say this because my wife has had people who change her oil try to sell her a new one.  This was a nice thing to see in the package.  They even include a card to put in the glove box with a 1 800 number for a service station to call if they don&#8217;t believe it!I have always put a K&N; air filter in my car and as long as they are around I always will.  Plus Amazon had them for about 30-50% than other places I looked.I have no issues!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I'd consider myself a novice in the personal car care crowd.  When I was ready to sell my 13 year old Honda CRV and I poured through amazon and other website for the best stuff to detail my car, to get the best resale price, and I came across this product.  I took the online advice of others and I can't say I'm more pleased.  Using this product on my honda made it look only a few years old and brought the plastic and vinyl pieces back to life.  On the interior, the dash was super slick but no oily.  I even used it on the exterior of the car.  The black plastic bumpers had faded to a light gray, but when I applied the vinylex, they went back to black.  Anyways, I did get top dollar for my honda using vinylex and other car car products.  I hope this review can help others."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Compared to other vent covers n the market this one's the thickest one we've ever bought. With time all plastics succumb to the destructive nature of UV radiation. The roof-top of an RV is subjected to unrelenting sun and we've had several vent covers crumble and blow away  in a strong wind storms leaving the trailer interior below subject to moisture.Polycarbonate is another of many plastic compounds, and also subject to UV damage but the thickness of these covers indicates that they will likely last far longer than past covers.Diminished light transmission - The thickness of these covers does limit the opacity/light transmission of these covers relative to thinner white covers so be prepared for that.Fit in a standard RV/Trailer rooftop vent was good."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a great clay bar kit at a good price. It comes with everything you'll need. 2 clay bars should be sufficient if you've never clay bar'd your car before, 1 is enough if you do so periodically (1-2 years). Awesome super smooth finish on your car removes pitted particulate and some swirls, but it does require good amount of elbow grease for great results!The application spray has this nice cinnamon scent to it, but I still don't think that that means it's good for you to keep inhaling it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I don't know what the complaint from some buyers is about these ramps not functioning well. I purchased four of these Rhino 8000 and drove my 2 wheel drive Jeep Cherokee up on them with no problem whatsoever. My garage floor is smooth concrete and I had no problem with slippage. The only thing that I'll say is you cannot be timid when driving up onto these or any other ramp because you could cause wheel spin which would lead to a problem. My XJ has been sitting on these four ramps for two weeks while I do several underside upgrades and they are holding very well."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have tried products from Chemical Guys and Surf City and etc. They all look great but don't last.  This product, having driven around in snow, salt, and sand for the past three days, is still holding up.  I am very impressed.  But, it is very glossy.  So if you are not a fan of super shiny tires, after applying the product with a foam applicator, wait 10 minutes and wipe your tires down with a towel.  That should take the edge off the shine.  This stuff also drys pretty well too.  I have used this around the house on all things plastic/rubber/vinyl and in the car and on the trim.  So far so good. I like it it a lot.  This is not a water based product. In any event, I do not know how it compares to other oil/silicon based tire shine products.  There are no shortage of them."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Yup.  Passed the 200k mark 2 weeks ago and its still running smooth as silk thanks to Royal Purple.  If you are trying to justify the cost, you can go easily go 5,000 miles between oil changes and the old oil is still almost as pretty as new.  Compare that to the house oil from your local parts store.  RP wins hands-down.  Right away my engine ran a lot smoother and is still doing so through the heat of summer.  Think about how much less wear and tear will be going on in your engine with it running smoother.  Try it.  You'll never go back to another brand again. I really should be getting paid for spreading my love of Royal Purple."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've been trying lots of brake dust cleaners and this one is about the best one I've used so far. I like it because it's not expensive and available at most discount stores.  I have found that I have to use my wheel brush to completely remove the brake dust and as I agitate the solution, it seems to become jelly like.  When this happens, I've learned to rinse off immediately.  If the wheel doesn't become complete clean, I have to repeat the process.  I always wash my wheels first before I start washing the car's body.  I have used lots of Meguiar's products and have been very satisfied."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "the thing i like about this oil is the zddp content and additive package is alot better then most oils,this is a good oil for high performance cars.one thing id like to educate some viewers on is when you look at any oil for your high performance car,one thing you need to make sure it doesn't say on bottle(usually on the back)is resource conserving,when you buy resource conserving oils and put them in high performance cars,they will hurt your motor,resource conserving oils are good for daily driven cars that aren't doing anything performance oriented such as high rpm high load situations,the additive package in them is not sufficient for protecting your motor.just some food for thought next time your shopping for oil for your awesome ride"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I gave this 4 stars because it is a great, gentle, all in one protectant.  It performs as promised.  Would not hesitate to get it.  One thing for sure.....  If you want a 5 STAR product, get the KLASSE Sealant/Protectant in the Silver jug.  It is fantastic, and if I was only going to get ONE KLASSE product, it would be the Sealant just mentioned.  The silver bottle!  Red bottle comes in at one step behind.  But both are good."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I have a GMC pickup and a Suzuki wagon. The Suzuki had a gas gauge that registered all over the place. The situation was driving me crazy. I was just about to take her in for gauge repair. I learned about the product from a fellow Suzuki owner. They had the same problem. I used the additive in two tanks of gas and behold the gauge works again. That and the fact the common rail injected 2 liter motor runs much smoother now and has a noticable power increase has made me smile. As far as better gas milage, maybe a little but not significant, but, a one mile per gallon or a two mile per gallon increase is welcome when gas is at $4 dollars a gallon. My GMC pickup has not shown any increase in miles per gallon. The additive has smoothed out that Vortec motor well. I am a regular now. When the vehicles get an oil change at 7000 miles I run a bottle of additive through them."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this with the leather cleaner. I found it to be very good, but you have to wait for it to dry, which takes about a day. It does not stay as tacky as the leather honey conditioner which I also have bought. I feel the honey conditioner will be better in the long run, but if the leather is delicate the honey could potentially make it worse because it is very sticky and can wear the material as you rub it in. So in the long run, this is a great option."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I needed to extend the length of the reach of the charge controller in my solar panel system setting, and after checking the prices of the extensions for sale, I decided to make my own.I bought these to cut in half and use at the end of the wires. These work so good that soon I'll be ordering more, because I'm planning to build a battery bank, and using these will lower the cost for sure.Also, they are easy and secure to disconnect and reconnect to the different component within the solar panel system setting."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a little red flashlight, period.  Yes, the red light is bright, and yes, it blinks if you set it to do so.  But this would NEVER take the place of a real flare under any circumstances.DO NOT buy this to replace the flares you should carry in your car emergency kit!!!!Most flashlights have the light beam coming straight out of the end of the tube.  This one has the light coming off the side, like a beacon or lighthouse.  It can ONLY be viewed from straight on!  While a flare puts out intense light in all directions (like a sparkler) this little flashlight only puts out light in one direction - the direction you have faced the beam.  DO NOT BUY, except as a toy, or as a hiking signal light - I have given it two stars for it being at least that useful.Flare?  No way."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This stuff works - is all I can say about it. I bought some used rims that had brake dust literally caked onto the wheels. I really didn't think this stuff was going to work, but it did! Note, I did use a brush for physical agitation after spraying the wheels with this. I don't think this is the kind of thing you can spray, let sit and just rinse away the brake dust if it's pretty severe. For light circumstances, I think that would work fine."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I've been using this product for years, and it's the best out there. It is low gloss, and a little goes a LONG way. I use this on more than just my car. Basically anything made of plastic that I need to condition and protect, I apply this product to. In my opinion, the other major competitor that \"armors everything\" doesn't live up to the hype, and in fact can in some cases cause you more headaches than save you. Plus, it's gone up in price quite a bit. Pay a little more and buy a better product. The Lexol leather conditioner is also an excellent product, made by the same company. I will add that I prefer the spray bottles to the wipes for both."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I would not hesitate to recommend these jack stands, as I have had very good results and they seem to be very well made.  The double lock is an absolutely mandatory feature in my estimation.  You should always use the jack stands with the double lock in place, as it adds additional security.  I am pleased with the height of the stands as well, as it is possible to raise the vehicle up a considerable amount, making it easy to get in and work.  I replaced the front suspension on my vehicle in an afternoon using these stands and they never wavered.  I went out and replaced the rear shocks, springs, and fuel filter the next day.  Once again, the stands were steady and solid while I pushed, shoved, wedged, etc. the rear springs into place.I am very pleased with these stands and definitely recommend them."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I always buy a few hoses, two 10 footers and a 15 ft hose. I then connect together the best combination lenth hose that will get from water source to RV. Keeps my camp area neat, plus why on hot days would I want the sun heat the water in the hose and have to wait for the water to get cool by running it. Just makes more sense adding what ya need together then 30 ft of hose sprawel out on your camp site. Most campsites you will end up using the 15 footer anyway."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used Simichrome on some golf irons where I used a MAP torch to heat the epoxy. This caused a light heat stain to form on the hosel, which is just surface oxidation. Simichrome removed it, but so did Blue Magic which is less expensive and readily available.I tried Simichrome on my Ducati exhaust, which has turned purple at the cylinder heads. Simichrome didn't even dent the oxidation, which Blue Magic will help reduce. I did notice that Simichrome seems to provide a brighter luster to polished surfaces and even brushed surfaces.Overall: 3/5 stars, expensive, can be hard to find, Blue Magic does the same job mostly. I felt Simichrome provided a shinier finish after an application."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These work well for a budget level. They have double sided tape on the back and a couple of drill holes for security. The problem is that if you only use the tape they can move simply by grabbing them and wiggling them around. The onyl way to truly secure them is to drill holes. I did not want to drill holes in my RV in the event that I didn't like these or wanted to go with something else in the future.If you do get them I would buy a couple packs of them so that if they break or go bad you can put a new one in without chancing them being unavilable and potentially having to get something else that doesn't have the same screw hole pattern."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Like most car detail enthusiasts, I never liked to see 3 hours of detailing work destroyed in a couple of days of driving and parking. With this brush, my detail jobs last longer. The brush is gentle on the clear coat but it does sweep the dust away, leaving water and and bird droppings behind.For best results, I recommend that you clay clean the car with a good car clay and wax it with S100 car wax every few months. Then using this brush, you can maintain your car in show room condition for a long time without having to wash it."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Finally used up my first bottle of this after a few years.  The great thing about this wax is that it is easy to remove the dried haze.  You can leave it overnight if want and it still buffs off easily.  Also it does not turn most plastic white if you get some on the plastic but I still avoid it.You don't need to apply much, just enough to cover the surface.  Does not have much polishing action so the paint needs to be clean before starting.  Also I use it on chrome, chromed plastic, etc."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Honesty, must work, I haven't use it yet; what I used was the K&N; filter for KIa Soul 2012 and was not good, my MPG went down too much, so I removed and put back the original. I was making 22 to 23 MPG in city and with that oil filter came to 18 to 20 in City.----  I was planning to buy another for my Elantra 2008, but with this test on the Kia, noway jose, good bye to K&N; filters.----  I don't have any thing against the Company Filter or Amazon; for me it doesn't work.  BTW, you have to spend time cleaning and buy quimicals like those two bottles and could hurt your engine, beside what expert or fans could says."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My Dodge Intrepid 2001 started having a leak around the transmission....my mechinic told me to try Lucas a long time ago. But I didn't since I was worried it would make my car worse or wouldn't work. So one day I decided what the hell it wouldn't hurt to try. I received the item it's thick and slow to pour in the transmission small diameter fill tube.But overall it improved the shifting characteristics immediately. I have put about three hundred miles on it and shifting is perfect. No more hesitant shifting from gear to gear or lugging or clunking when down shifting to first gear."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These jack stands do what they are supposed to do. My Disco 2 is about 5,000 lbs and they hold it just fine. My only advice is that you make sure you know your vehicle height. These jack stands are tall. I use them on the lowest setting on my Disco and I still have to jack it up an inch or so to get it high enough to put these under. I will be lifting it soon though, so that will change, and hence the reason I got these. For a normal car though, these would probably not be my first choice.Also, if you are using them on asphalt, be aware that they might sink down into the ground a little. On concrete you wouldn't have this problem, but asphalt is soft enough that the edges of the stands might cut through.Finally, be safe and get a good pair of wheel chalks to use."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased this because I was tired of using those 'stick-style' pressure gauges, I never felt those gave an accurate reading since over time it seems that it became easier for those sticks to shoot out.In any case, this is a good gauge. It's got a good ergonomic feel which may or may not be important to you since you're generally not using it that long anyways. Clear digital display and a mini light. You can also program the gauge to set a target pressure for your front and rear tires which is a nice feature. The packaging claims that the battery is lifetime, I somehow doubt this, but it appears there is a screw on the backside that should give you access to the battery. I've never had to replace it yet anyways. Overall, a very good digital gauge for measuring your tire pressure."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "These Jumper cables are heavy Duty, Yet easy to Store. I keep them in one of my containers on my delivery vehicle. They are high quality. They are 4 gauge cable, so they are perfect and long enough to Start are Utilimaster Diesel trucks when are batteries are run Down. There are more expensive cables and even more sever duty use cables. these are perfect for this type of vehicle in an Emergency. The cost is reasonable as well. With 25 feet, you don't have to get real close to the other vehicle. you can pull up to the back and or side and just run the cables under or down the side of the vehicle."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased two cases to handle oil service for an older Boxster; for this purpose there is no cheaper way to get an approved lubricant.When used instead of a 5W30 oil in two 2002/2003 VWs, in moderately cool but not cold temps, noticed easier starting and generally fine performance.At the Amazon price, especially with prime, there is no more affordable way to get this quality of oil.Two alternatives to consider for Porsches:If you are racing a street car, or observing much reduced change intervals, consider Joe Gibbs DT40 or similar, though it does cost even more than this Mobil 1 choice.Another approved and worthy choice for Porsches and other European performance cars is Motul 8100 x-cess 5W40, and this is also sometimes available via Amazon as well as in 5 liter package."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "A great product. When I used it didn`t know what to really expect because of some mixed reviews but I noticed a change inmediatly the engine made less noise and had a bit more power. Even my girlfriend felt the car running better (without knowing that I had done anything to the car). I would recommend to any body who feels there car isn`t as peppy as before its really worth trying, just use as recommended. Even do I only used it via brake booster and gas tank didn`t use it in the crankcase. Still great!!!"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "this stuff is great. It cuts through brake dust that soap wont even touch.however you cant really just leave it on for 30 seconds and spray it off. if the cleaner sits on one area too long, it begins to dry, and leaves behind residue. I find its best to use a couple sprays of this on a sponge with a liberal dose of water. Rinse quickly, do multiple scrub downs if needed. You only need a spritz, so its not like you have to worry about wasting product.Use it right and you'll love it. a bottle lasts me at least 6 months of almost weekly washing."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This, my second kit, came from Amazon. I bought the first kit locally when I walked into my garage and saw a flat tire on the Honda CRV. I took the tire off the car, used a water bottle to find the air bubbles escaping the hole, followed the directions and repaired the flat. It took a little muscle to enlarge the hole and insert the plug. I cut off the excess plug and used a jump box  with an air compressor (that I periodically keep in the car)  to inflate the tire.Good thing the hole was in the tread. These kits won't work if the hole is in the sidewall.These kits pay for themselves with one use in time, money and frustration. Flats can cost $10 -15 to fix. I keep one in both cars.The jump box prevented tire damage because I didn't have to drive it to a gas station to be inflated."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is the original product.  Really great stuff.  Works so well; when rain hits, you'll be so happy you applied it.  Rain just sheets off; you don't even need wipers on.This package includes a LOT of product.  A huge improvement from the small, single-use packages they used to make (or maybe they still do); this is a much better value.The only downside to this product is the seal; there's a little spout on the bottle top that goes up and down; you flip it up to dispense the product.  It seems pretty flimsy, and doesn't seem to seal very well when closed.  I have a feeling some of it is going to evaporate out of the bottle, and at some point some will spill out if the bottle is ever turned on its side.  Other than that, great product."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Honestly, this is expensive and not everyone will need it!  &#34;IF&#34; - If you have a problem with cylinder and spark plug build up due to poor gas quality and possibly a bit of oil ash build up, this product does help.  But to use it as directed.... and you should..... also more is NOT better..... then it gets expensive to add it to your gas all the time.  If the problem is persistent, and you end up adding to your gas as directed all the time, it will work very well, but, it adds at least 25 cents per gallon to the cost of your fuel!Summary:  Good product,  works well, but costs too much to use all the time: very over priced,"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Part Number:  FL820SManufacturer:  MOTORCRAFTDearborn, MIOE Number  F1AZ 6731 BDOEManufacturer  FordOE Number  XW4E 6714 DAOEManufacturer  FordEngineered specifically for Ford, Lincoln and Mercury vehicles, each Motorcraft oil filter, including the popular Motorcraft FL-1A, uses as many as 12 high-quality components. Construction features include:-  Steel Cases\"Ironed\" for a precise fit, fluted to ease removal and painted for rust-resistance.-  Pressure Relief ValveWhen it's cold outside or if the filter becomes clogged, oil flow through the filter can be reduced. If this happens, the relief valve opens to provide a continuous oil supply. Its design also minimizes the chance of contaminated oil recirculating back-  Anti-Drain Back ValveThis feature keeps oil in the filter to prevent \"dry starts\" after your engine has been turned off. It's made with specially formulated material that resists the aging effects that an engine's heat can cause.-  Efficient Filter MediaRe-engineered media increases Motorcraft filters' dirt-collecting capability, allowing them to capture more engine-harming particles than ever before."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I drive a car that has dead spots on both sides.  This fits the bill as it provides a larger area of view.  You need to look more carefully as all these types of mirrors make the car in view seem a lot further away so use as a reference.  Since these mirrors are fairly small they only use up about 20% of the existing rear view mirrors viewing area.  I only use these on my rear view mirrors as that is when the blind viewing areas occur.  I usually purchase a few different types of these mirrors so I can determine which works best for me and my wife.  Also try on different spots of the existing mirror, before removing the adhesive covering, to determine the best location.  If you attach it in the wrong location these mirrors can be removed by using a one sides razor blade.  Just push down on the razor slowly to prevent the existing mirror from cracking.  Once off you can always purchase new double sided tape to reuse the convex mirror."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This car wax is the most durable I've used, leaves a great shine and really protects against rain and the environment. The only thing that we use in small sections at a time, because if left to dry for more than 2 or 3 minutes will cost to remove. I personally let it dry for a minute as Central American climate is warm, it rains half the year, for that reason I use it because it lasts for longer during the long rains. aproximadamnete lasts 6 to 8 weeks. the mother and other brands like Meguiar not work during the winter, rain in one week both the mother and the Meguiar fail,"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The quality of the Bleeder is awesome, however it will take hours upon hours if you plan on actually using this product to bleed your car's brake fluid. You are far better off either using a buddy to pump the brakes and you open the bleeder valve and then press the brakes in 5-10 times, and then closing the bleeder valve and repeat as necessary. You get a higher amount of fluid out each time than using this bleeder. After squeezing the top on it managed to keep 14 PSI (14.5 Recommended for by VW mechanics manual), which literally pushed out 10 drops every minute.If you aren't too sure how to bleed brakes as I stated above, just go on youtube and you'll see what I am talking about.Also the bleeder bottle you can find on amazon as an item frequently bought with this item is worth the money."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is a nice luxurious shampoo/conditioner.  I think it's been around a long time; I seem to remember using it many years ago, and they've stick with the same main product for their leading car washing product.  Along with the mitt, this washed the car very quickly, and then with the water magnet towel, dried it very fast, too.  It also smells really nice, like a natural product, not chemical-like.With this and the mitt (and a water hose), you can wash your car very fast.  I used their spray wax product afterwards and this added some shine; but this added a lot of time.  The washing/drying part was surprisingly fast using their products, so, highly recommended."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "If you have never used a clay bar on your car, this is going to blow your mind.  It is very easy to use, and only takes a few minutes - but yields the most amazing results.  The clay bar pulls the dirt (after a regular wash) from the paint and leaves a totally smooth mirror-like finish.  I've been using the Mother's version for a few years and each clay bar can last a dozen or so uses before it needs to be replaced - unless you drop it on the ground.  The spray is essentially very light soap water, but it provides all the lube you need.  I usually add this into the three step process after washing and polishing, but before waxing.You will simply not belive the before and after difference you will feel when running your fingers across the paint.Also works great on glass."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I used it on a recent spark plug install and I guess it will work OK.  Well, it was a little messy going on and I didn't have any trouble with the install.  But, I really won't know how well it works until I remove the plugs - hopefully, years from now.  :-D  So, maybe Amazon will still be around by then and I can give an update when that happens.  Either it works or it don't - we'll see.  :-)"}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The Lexol pH cleaner worked extremely well to clean automotive leather upholstery and surfaces. Just follow the instructions on the bottle and it does a fantastic job. Always use the pH cleaner before you apply the Lexol conditioner since you don't want to apply new oils over existing dirt. The pH cleaner comes out as a clear liquid that is more viscous than water. I recommend using a terry cloth sponge to create more lather than just using a cotton cloth or terry cloth. I have tried several over the counter leather cleaner/conditioners and Lexol beats them all.Pros: Cleans leather without drying it. Very easy to use.Cons: The product is a bit expensive and hard to find compared to the over-the-counter products, but it should be the only product to buy and Amazon carries it!Overall: If you own any leather accessories or cars with leather interiors, Lexol pH cleaner and Lexol conditioner should be on your list."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Read a few of the reviews and checked out some of the detailer forum and decided to give KGS a try.  I know that is product has been around for many years and I kick my self for not trying it sooner.  This stuff is just great.  I read on how difficult it is to work with and I must say I found it to be a piece of cake.It was easy to apply and wipe off (I did it by hand). It took me about 90 minutes to do the All in One and the Sealant (mostly because you have to wait 30 minutes for the sealant to fully dry). However, make sure you use very little. Be sure have plenty of light (not sun light) when applying. I only applied one coat of the AIO and one coat of the KGS.  I want to see how long it last before I need to reapply to see its longevity."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I purchased the Camco 11553 Anode Rod for my Atwood heater.  The anode was poorly manufactured and had a slight bend in the shaft.  This slight bend is enough to mis-align the treads in the cap section to the point where if forced into place, it would cross thread the female threads in the water heater.  It is not worth the time or hassle to return, so there it is . . .  scrap.  In the event the anode did thread in properly, the instructions indicate you should pull the anode once a month to be sure you keep the anode in a removable state.  Apparently, if you do not remove it once a month, it will corrode in position, making it extremely difficult to remove.  I have decided to keep my factory installed nylon drain plug as the plug of choice.  My previous RV was over 8 years old when I sold it and I never had corrosion problems with the nylon plug. Save your money."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "My G coupe needed an intake air flow replacement pretty badly after I purchased it (despite the fact I purchased it with only 37k miles) and I already knew about the K&N; air filters and I like how it's a one-time purchase deal, no need to buy again when it's filthy.bought the filter, slapped it on, and it has been working flawlessly for a little over 2 weeks now. I combined the K&N; air filter with the popular Z-tube mainly because I was already going to be in there so I figured why not just add the Z-tube for a bit more efficiency. at this point, I have no complaints, I do feel a slight increase in power in 2nd and 3rd (not a 100% sure if it's all from the air filter or with the Z-tube), and rev noise has stayed the same."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "This is our second Camco Fridge Airator.  The old one lasted for 7 years.  They are efficient and work well at keeping the temperature even throughout the fridge.  Rated it a three since this unit does not stay closed very well once the batteries are mounted inside.  They provide some outward pressure on the closure mechanism (pressure needed to provide battery contact).  Like the old unit, it uses plastic tabs to hold it closed.  Looks identical to the old unit (and it stayed closed), so maybe just a problem with this particular unit's tabs?  Not a deal breaker, as I put an elastic band around it to make sure it stays closed while were driving down the road."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I can't say that you'll have the same results, but my experience with this stuff was great. I put this in the differential of my 1994 Mustang GT. The rear end was a little bit whiny. So I figured that I'd better change the fluid. So I did. with this stuff. Now the car seems to gain RPM's a little faster, and the whine noise from the rear end is gone. It even seems to burn out a little easier when I take it to the track. Maybe the old fluid was just finally wore out, who knows. But I had a good experience with this stuff so I thought I'd share."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "After recently purchasing a new motorcycle, I like to be seen. So I purchased these PIAA bulbs and wow, what a differance they make. Although they are claimed to be legal in all states, these babies really light up the night.Now if they last a while, I'll be completely happy with them. Some other brands seem to wear out quickly. PIAA has the best name in automotive lighting. But right now, I am completely happy with them. I ride during the day with my brights on and use the dims at night. But when I own the road by myself and switch on the high-beams, the night turns into day. You can see it all. I don't think many hazards will be able to jump out in front of me without me seeing them first. And that in its self is worth everything to me.They were a little more expensive, but as far as I'm concerned, worth every penney. Still a really good deal."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "I bought this based on the reviews. Though it seems to condition the leather, it didn't really seem to buff up the finish and restore my leather to its' original, or near new condition. After cleaning all the floors in my home, and all of my car's leather interior, I followed the directions on the package for conditioning and protecting the leather seats in my car.  While it does make the leather more supple and soft, it doesn't buff up to a shine, or even satin finish, Instead, it seems to leave a dull, chalky finish."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "The day before I was to leave on a trip I found the battery was dead in my car. I don't drive this particular one often so I knew I could jump it but sometimes when they are that low driving it doesn't bring it back up enough. So I checked Amazon for this charger and they just happened to have it local so I got it that day - awesome luck! Charged it over night and the next day we were off. It didn't get to a full charge so when we got back I put it back on until the green light came on. Then I stuck it on the other car. I plan to use this once a week on both cars. The size of this charger is so convenient I will take it with me just in case."}
{"label": 2, "raw": "Aside from the fact that it kinda reminds me of bubble gum when I put it in the tank (I have no idea why it smells like that to me), this product does what it needs to do - keeps the odor of our waste tank to a minimum. We combine these with Walex BIO-11530 Bio-Pak Natural Holding Tank Deodorizer and Waste Digester to manage the odor with these, and digest the waste products with the other. Combined they allow you to empty your tank less often and take longer off-grid trips without being revolted when you get back to a dumping station."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I just started potty training my two year old son and I found the Thomas potty seat to be a great incentive. The seat is cushioned so it's nice and comfortable and it fits nicely on most seats. It's also compact enough to fit in the diaper bag if you want to take it on the go. For boys, it does come with a splash guard. The padded part of the seat lifts up and it gets inserted between the plastic and padding. It stays in place most of the time, but it is easy to misplace. I would have preferred it to be permanently attached, but aside from that I am happy with this purchase."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have two of these - one for upstairs, and one for downstairs. It's great for our 2.5 year old boy who is learning to use the potty, and easy for us as parents to try to get him to use it.Pros:- There's a barrier/guard in the front so he doesn't pee everywhere. It's a huge improvement over other potties - sometimes boys just don't get that they need to hold it down.- The potty part removes easily for cleanup and pouring out.- It has a back so he doesn't fall off of it when trying to sit down. Sometimes sitting is a bit iffy at his age.- It's nonslip on the bottom, so it doesn't push around when he goes to sit.Cons:- A &#34;pour spout&#34; or something would be great along the back side."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have found that Baby Bjorn potty products are the best on the market and doesn't break the pocket book! It's oblong vs round so urine and poop stays in the pot. The built in splash guard is great! It's easy to clean and light weight, but built tough. Variety of colors. My triplets are all different shapes and sizes. We have a very large boy and has plenty of room for him. Our other son is a bit small for his age and because the pot is oval there is no leg stretching and no \"falling in\". Our daughter is long and very thin. She has no problems what so ever on this! Her tiny behind doesn't fall in or slip or anything. The splash guard never gets in her way! It's just the best! Other moms who see this ask where they can get one! Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I received this as a shower gift from my sister-in-law.  When I received it, I had NO idea what is was or what it was for.  Needless to say, my perception of this has significantly changed (for the BETTER!) I use this for my 7 1/2 month old son with canned pears, pieces of apple and canned peaches...Just cut up the canned fruits/veggies to fit in the bag, and let your little one have at it! Better yet, when they're teething, freeze cubes of juice, and put the cube(s) in the bag--they'll thank you for it! They'll throughly enjoy feeding themselves (albeit making a mess too)...but more importantly, they are LEARNING to feed themselves as well as about the textures and consistencies of food other than the pureed versions they're so used to.  It's durable and EASY to clean, and replacment \"bags\" are found pretty much any child store."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are the only bottles I use and they work well.  They are very durable & dishwasher safe. I have a medela pump also. My daughter is breastfed and feeds from these well, except for with the slow flow nipples - I recommend a fast flow nipple unless you want to take over a half hour to feed your baby while he/she struggles to get the milk out.  I should mention that she is not picky (becasue some babies are)about what type/brand of nipple she uses as long as the flow is not too slow."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I use the pump-in-style advanced breastpump, and I really like that these bottles screw right into the pump assembly.  I like having many bottles on hand so that I don't need to wash them every day.  I don't freeze my milk in these (I use Gerber bags), but they're great for temporary storage until pouring into the feeding bottles.  I use Avent bottles as my baby seems to like the shape and flow of the newborn nipples (these nipples seem too fast-flowing)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I ama clean freak and ws parnoid from day one about germs and my first child. I live in an area with hard water and boiling things was not reassuring because the water left deposits on our nonstick cookware. I would wash her bottles and things , pop them in here and in the time it took me to finish cleaning the kitchen or toss some clothes in the dryer this would be done. I could leave the bottles in there or take them out and prepare for use while sterilizing pacifiers and other items. I use the Avent system and love this!Now that she is about 7 months I only sterilize once a week but this s so simple I do not regret my choice. Being a nurse I worried about my daughter catching something....this was just reassuring.Great as a gift...."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great little potty chair.  I like its two piece design, and how easy it is to empty.  I like the high back, and so does my son as he likes to \"lounge\" as he uses it.  The only downside is that the piece the comes out does sometimes stick to his behind so when he stands up there is potential for a mess, but this will be true with any two piece plastic chairs.  I really like the no slip grips on the bottom of the chair so my son can't scoot it across the floor.  All in all,  I would probably buy this chair again."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have to agree with reviewers, the nipple of the Avent bottles is great. It's obvious watching my baby that he latches on similar to the way he does on the breast.The problem is that the bottles leak like crazy. My little guy ends up wearing as much milk as he drinks. I've tried all of the suggestions, but have had no success in making the bottle leak proof. I've had to go out and buy different bottles with nipples I don't like as much just so that I don't have the mess."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This sterilizer is GREAT!  My girlfriend boiled her bottles and I can't believe how much easier (and safer) this is!  This only takes minutes and no risk of steam burns!I also sterilized the Avent breast pump and all of its parts in this sterilizer.  It worked great!Another plus:  the two racks with the tiny holes (not the one that the bottles rest on) can be snapped together to form a \"basket\" if you wanted to throw stuff into your dishwasher.  I've never done that...I'd rather sterilize the bottles and nipples and stuff using the steam from the water and not use detergents from a dishwasher...my baby's not even a month old yet...maybe after he's older, I'll use that feature as well.  For now, this sterilizer is EXCELLENT!  Definitely worth the money!  We're very pleased with it.  We also have the Avent food warmer...another great buy!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The toilet set is nice.  Other reviewers had complained that it did not fit on their toilet seats but I have three different toilets and it works on all three.  It is a nice design and my son love that Thomas, Percy, & James are all on his potty seat.  The one problem is that it does not have a splash guard.  The packaging says it was supposed to have a splash guard and handle to hang on the toilet handle.  It did not come with either of these and when I contacted the seller she claimed they were not supposed to come with the seat.  According to the packaging and description they were!  My son was attached as soon as it saw it so I couldn't return it.  Check when you buy one of these.  If you have a boy you may not want to buy this unless it has the splash guard."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I used these with my first daughter 8 years ago. They are wonderful! You do not have to sit and wash bottles constantly. The baby will also have less gas since there is little to no air to contend with. The only difference with these are that they are expandable. This may make a difference for some using formula in respect to measuring differently with the expansion. I will be using them to store breast milk for when I go from breast to bottle as baby gets older so the expansion won't affect me any. I recommend these liners for everyone."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this last month for my 6 month old son, and it continues to fascinate him.  It is fabulous to encourage moving and crawling as I set them around him and they slide away as he reaches for them -- its been invaluable in encouraging him towards crawling and scooting. When he does get hold of them, exploring the ladder on the fire truck develops his fine motor skills too, and he like chewing on all of them and shaking the rattly little one!  He'll probably soon be able to work the sun roof. It will be a stacking toy later too! Great value for money..."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The express steam sterilizer is really the easiest and most efficient way to go if you want to be assured that your baby's bottles are truly clean.  When I first started using bottles I would use the sterilizer between dishwasher uses.  But after repeated cleanings in the dishwasher, the ounce markings on the bottles started to fade away, and the plastic caps to cover the nipples started to change color.  From then on I've used the sterilizer exclusively. It is quick, easy and effective.  I have taken several extended trips with the baby, and it is so easy to travel with and store her clean bottles in. This is one of those products that may not be necessary to have, but I am so glad that I do!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I think this playpen is great; it's spacious, sturdy, and colorful. My 10 month old thinks it's a prison. She will tolerate it for about 10-15 minutes at a time, which is fine because it buys me some time where I don't have to worry about her safety. I first introduced her to the playpen when she was about 7 months old. I think she found all of the characters at the bottom to be frightening, but she was fine after I put the sheet on. I'd hoped she'd grow to spend more time in the playpen, but tolerates it less and less as she becomes more mobile."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This product works directly with our Medela breastpump with the use of adapters that come with the breastpumping kit.  It is nice not to have to transfer the breast milk from one container to another.  I cannot comment on the freezing aspect since I did not make enough milk to be able to freeze.  The only downfall to the liners that we found is measuring out the quantity is not accurate if the liner isn't fully expanded.  We measure in a different container and pour into the liner.  The best part about this system is that we are sure that the container holding the milk is clean- we just don't trust a regular plastic bottle to come completely clean.  Our other bottles are the good old fashioned Evenflo glass bottles.  All in all, we recommend this product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "In 2000 when my first son was born, I bought the Avent bottles to go with my Isis breast pump (which I LOVE) because everyone raved about how they were the best.  The first time my son tried the bottle with a newborn nipple he couldn't get anything to come out.  After trying for awhile, I finally called Avent and they told me to move up to a different size nipple.  These bottles worked out relatively well after that dilemma.  With me second son I assumed I would use the bottles again and tried the newborn nipple with the opposite result.  The flow was way too fast for him and he would choke and spit out half the milk every time I would try to feed him. I finally gave up on Avent bottles and went with the much cheaper and economical Evenflo Classic bottles (on the recommendation of the lactation consultant.)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "After trying a dual electric pump that was very uncomfortable for me I tried the Isis berast pump and never looked back. I could not control the suction with the electric pump and,  however with the Isis I was able to control the pressure and was able to completely empty both breasts in less than 20 minutes total. The cushioning made the pump very comfortable. And my hand never got tired from manually pumping. I used this product years ago with my daughter and I am adding it to my registry for my second child. I highly recommend this for anyone who would like to continue breast feeding.Follow-up: My youngest daughter is now six weeks old and I still love this pump. Its a moust-have for breastfeeding mothers."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This product is a great concept, BUT it has a critical flaw for me.  The whole idea that I need to drill a big hole inside each cabinet door or drawer is a non starter.  I mean, why would you spend money on a nice kitchen only to drill holes inside doors and drawers?  Hello?  Baby will grow up eventually so the locks are not needed.  What about those holes?  It is cute that the manual says \"do not drill through the door,\" hugh?  Why would I want to even have a drill near my cabinet doors?  Also, what happens if say the door cracks while I drill?  Who pays for that?  I know the answer to that one -> ME!  Soooo....product is going back.  Non-starter"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this item after reading the reviews for it here on Amazon.  I have a less exspensive cushioned princess toilet topper but this Baby Bjorn is SO MUCH better!PROS--Easily adjustable to fit most (if not all) toliet seats.-Snug fit; doesn't wiggle/wobble when climbed onto by my 28lb 2yr old & no worries of her legs/fingers being pinched between the seats.-Ergonomic design; my daughter seems very comfortable on this seat; Much more so than the \"cushioned\" one I mentioned prior.-Would work well for girls or boys since it has a high front side which helps to avoid accidents.-Very estically pleasing.-One fluid piece so it is easy to clean; no grooves, creases, etc. to have to worry about.-Durable; something I can definitley hold onto for our next baby.CONS-N/A ;)I would highly recommend this item.  It's worth the extra $10 you'll pay for it over the cheaper ones!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The first time I went to change the crib sheet on my baby's crib I understood the importance of the Ultimate Crib Sheet!  It was given as a gift & I put one more on my registry after realizing I had to take the whole crib ensemble apart to change the sheet!  Now I change the sheet only occasionally & it is more for asthetics.  The Ultimate Cribe sheet snaps off & I put a clean one on - so easy & practical!  Save money on sheets & just get one or two decorative sheets & get at least 2 of these!!!Update at 7 mos (July04): I have survived VERY WELL with 2 of the Ultimate Crib Sheets - and boy when they start slithering around the crib & wetting through diapers & spitting up solids - you will be SO thankful to have this little dandy item!  Don't go without!!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this! I was hesitant to buy too since the \"sheet\" is expensive and hardly a \"sheet\" at all. But once I used it, it made changing the crib in the middle of the night speedy, letting baby and ME get back to sleep quicker.First off, it is soft to lay on, absorbant and waterproof. If baby's diaper leaks it only gets on this sheet. You can take the sheet off easily by just removing the snaps attached around your crib slats. We have our crib matress dressed in an additional regular crib sheet underneath with a cheap matress pad below it. This allows us to make it thru the night without having to make a full crib linen change--- at least until morning.I will certainly buy this as my gift to all my friends baby showers!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Got this as a gift when baby was 5 months. He liked mouthing the somewhat soft corners and I played it for him. He now plays it himself (13 months). I do not think he gets he can turn off and on each instrument but I suppose that will come. The quality of music is very good, not mechanically computerized like some toys. It has five or so songs and you can turn off and on each instrument. That is pretty neat. Baby likes it. The only problem is that there is no volume control. Batteries last a pretty long time in it. The songs are nice too, jazzy and complex enough to be interesting. It seems really tough. It has withstood some hard knocks. It has a very solid feel, which worried me at first because I was afraid baby would hurt himself face-planting into it, but no injuries. The corners are rounded and slightly rubbery. It's kind of heavy so just now has baby really been able to haul it around."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great play space for our son! We have a sizable great room, which is child-proofed and gated off from the rest of the house. But once our son started crawling, we needed a safe place to put him while working in the kitchen. We had a regular pack-n-play, but it seemed cramped. This is perfect! It's roomy enough for him to spread out with a few books or toys, and entertain himself for long enough that we can put away groceries, cook a meal, or do a load of dishes. Everyone's happy!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These drop-ins are okay - they are not an improvement over an ordinary bottle. Yes, I can simply throw these liners away after using them, but since I still have to wash the bottle's nipple, this system does not save me any time. I use these liners in conjunction with my bottle warmer and they don't melt, which is good. I bought the Playtex Drop-In system to try to reduce the amount (frequency and quantity) that my baby spits up. However, the amount of spit-up is the same - not better, but also not worse."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Having selected this chair based on the reviews here I felt I should give my own. This was for my first child, now 3 and we bought this over a year ago. He is fully potty trained now and still uses this seat and I think he'll be using it for a while to come. It cleans and disinfects very easily and still looks brand new. He's very comfortable in it and its a very very good fit. It was a year ago, and it still is. For the novice parent of boys, it doesn't matter how high they make the splash guard, boys need to point it down. That took some learning on my part. We have the Bjorn that fits over the potty too, but we've hardly used it. He and we love this one way too much and its so much easier for him to use the potty on his own."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We love this product.  Being able to change the music our son listens to every nite is such a nice option - and we don't have to listen to the same lullaby's all the time (if at all).The light is dim, but as a few others noted, who wants a bright light?  The baby is trying to sleep!It's enough light to see him if I peek in and it's still on.I feel the volume is plenty loud enough.  It is a crib cd player, not a house cd player.  It's plenty loud enough for his tiny nursery, and i've never turned it all the way up.I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 for the battery issue - it eats batteries worse than any other toy he has - including the swing which we use much more often.I thought that was strange, and if it does take that much power, it should come with rechargable batteries.Maybe the next model :)overall we're very pleased though."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have been through 4 brands of disposables and also have several pairs of these. At first when I was sore and using nipple cream, I used the disposables. The yellow cream stains, so I didn't want to mess up my good pads. After I no longer needed cream, I moved on to the washable ones. I think they are so much softer and more comfortable than the disposables. I forget that I even have them on. I agree with other posters that they may not be as discreet as some of the disposables, but I don't really care. I don't wear too many tight clothes these days and if I did I could use disposables (to me the J&J and Avent disposables are the most discreet). I don't leak much anymore, so these are plenty sufficient to collect leakage. I have four pair. I generally do laundry once a week, with one load at some point mid-week. I'm able to always have some on hand."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We started using this feeder when my son was just 3 months old.  He loved the flavor of melon, but we were uncomfortable with letting him bite on a piece of melon for fear he might choke.  The baby feeder was the perfect answer.You can cut up just about anything and place it in the feeder bag.  We even put lightly frozen grapes in it when my son was teething.  We used it mostly for fruit, especially melon, grapes, pears, and strawberries.  I will admit that it can be messy to use this feeder, but it was totally worth it to us to give our son a chance to learn to love fresh fruits.  Enjoy!!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was told that you can warm up water in the microwave or just put it in a bowl full of hot boiling water. But, in the middle of the night after weeks of bad sleep, the last thing you want to do is exactly that!! With the avent express bottle warmer is the easiest way to warm up your bottles with less trouble. The only thing that I dont like of this product is that doesnt have an on/off switch. Otherwise, its great!!! ( avent products are the best out there...)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this item (in a different color) two years ago for my son.It is NOT waterproof- but what SHEET is?!  I recommend purchasing a 27\" size BRU Especially for Baby Brand waterproof pad to go under the sheet (Just like you would buy a waterproof cover for your crib mattress!).  The sheet will hold the pad in place and fit perfectly over top both the pad and mattress.This sheet is durable and launders easily.I was so pleased with this product, I would purchase it again!  In fact, I did!  I am expecting TWINS, so I purchased another sheet in this color and also TWO of the smaller size for my two Graco Travel Lite Cribs/PNP's.Good job, Graco for coming up with yet another GREAT product!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It's funny how many people have positively reviewed this. Yes, it's very convenient, easy to use, and fits well. What it doesn't actually do is effectively COVER the plugs! It's trivial for a small child to fit their entire hand in the rather large opening. In fact, I just plugged something in without having to remove the cover. If I can fit my hand in there, so can a child. And it doesn't even begin to protect against a child sticking a metal object in there. This product is, in a word, worthless.I recommend getting one of the power strips that has sliding covers on each of the individual outlets, or simply placing standard child-proof covers on the outlets of your existing power strip. But please don't use this product and think you are adequately protecting your child from shocks."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We used this chair starting when my daughter was around 8 months old and it was the perfect fit for her.  It was comfortable (or so it seemed) and easy to keep clean!She is 18 months now and we still use it often every day and we have more than gotten our money's worth - but I think she is getting a bit big for it now.  I am eyeing moving up to the regular size Bjorn potty seat, which I hope will be a little more comfortable for her height."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this product to use on my Pack 'N Play.  It's definitely a nicer way to keep diapers and wipes organized at my Pack 'N Play changing table.  It fits onto the side of the Pack 'N Play nicely.  I wish the tub for the wipes box on top was deeper though.  The wipes box always tends to want to fall off when I'm taking a wipe out.  I also wish it held more diapers and that the diaper slot wasn't so wide, because when I pull out a diaper, about 2 or 3 want  to come out at once.  But all in all, this has been a nice item to have at my Pack 'N Play for diaper changing!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "At only 3 weeks old, my son goes through about a dozen diapers a day.  We have the diaper champ in his bedroom and it's been great so far.  (We'll see once he switches to solid food and his diapers are a bit more stinky!)  It's so easy to use and you don't have to buy the special bags.  We've used kitchen trash bags as well as large plastic shopping bags like the kind you get at babies r us.  One recommendation - get a can of Lysol and spray the diaper champ down when you change the bag.  Overall, I love this diaper pail and would buy it again in a hearbeat!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These bags leave a lot to be desired.  They don't stand up on their own so you have to set them in a cup when they have milk in them.  They don't lie down flat, so you can't freeze them in a nice flat layer to stack in the freezer.  The twist-tie top causes the bags to freeze with a lot of folds and ridges at the neck - this made it impossible for me to open a frozen bag to add more milk later on.  And I've never been able to tear open the little tab at the bottom to get the milk out - I have to snip the edge with a scissors, which I'm sure defeats the purpose of having a nice, sterile inside.  All in all, I'm really disappointed in these bags, and the only positive side to them is I haven't had any burst in the freezer...yet."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "What a disappointment!  We were so grateful to receive this at a baby shower- it was something we really wanted.  However, it did not live up to expectations.  The sound quality was awful- very, very quiet even on the highest volume setting and, even worse, extreme static.  I exchanged it for another one thinking that maybe the first was defective but had the same problems.  For such an expensive item the quality is very poor.We ended up ordering the Fisher Price Tape Player online and it is really wonderful.  We love it- buy it instead, better quality and cheaper!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are easy to put on and take off.  They work well to connect two umbrella strollers.  The rubber inserts do fall out easily, so I can tell these may not last long.  They only work with one thickness of bar so they are not compatible with all strollers.  I use a combination of these for the top connection and a different brand for the bottom that are adjustable since my stroller bars are wider at the base and I connect in 4 places instead of 3 for a sturdier connection."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I'm an older mom (40+) who did a lot of babysitting as a teen and remembers what big, square playpens used to be like...not the cramped, rectangular things everyone has now. This spacious pack and play is wonderful! Our 10-month-old daughter loves it - we have it in our kitchen so we can set her in it for a few minutes while we use the stove or chop up food (cases where, for obvious reasons, we wouldn't want her underfoot). She can see us, we can talk with her, and she has plenty of room to practice pulling herself up and walking along the edges (and falling on her bum on the padded floor). When she was younger, she loved playing with the attached toys (especially the butterfly with the crinkly wings).It's sturdy, easy to set up and take down, and packs away neatly into its carrying case. An all-around great product!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "First time potty training for our 14 months daughter.  Too many choices available on the market, but trusted all the other reviews on Amazon. This no frills potty chair doesnt look like much, but I really think they did a wonderful job designing it.  Easy to clean, and my toddler isnt uncomfortable sitting on it to go potty.  The high back rest helps alot, because she tends to sit far back to get comfortable.  Its very stable and we dont worry about it tipping over.Good value, nice design, and definitely easy to clean.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have been using this system for about two months now.  We have 2.5 walls in what was once our dining room (now play room).  We used 4-5 extensions as well.  We bought this new, and it was easy to set up.  Be sure you install it into the studs - infants will pull up on the railing.  Kidco is pretty easy to work with.  They sent me free \"templates\" for the wall and I bought some screws (for another gate).I LOVE this system.  The quality is great.  I recommend it and would purchase another if needed."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This one is easy.  Put your stuff in, add a little water then push a button.  Truely a no brainer.  The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is that you do have to drain it after each use.  My freind didn't and something started growing in it.  Other than that, this is perfect.  If you take out the racks you can fit a ton in it at once.  You don't have to watch over anything-go ahead and take care of your baby while this one does all the work for you.  Put this time saver on you registry."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These liners are a great idea in theory. I only use them because my baby like the latex nipples and not many other bottle brands have latex nipples anymore. The measurements are a nightmare, I have to guess how much breastmilk I am pouring in the bottle. The only thing that helps is that I pour it in from a lansinoh storage bag and that gives me a better idea of how much I am putting in.With regards to leaks and the liner lip pulling free and falling out, I only experienced that with the 4oz liners but that was because I was overfilling them. However I am always worried about this happening so I screw the nipple on very carefully. It would be great if the nipple ring was clear so you could see if the liner is on the verge of pulling free or not."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is the most poorly made baby bath I have ever used. It is impossible to get folded and unfolded. When you do get that figured out then you get to deal with the stupid sling. My baby kept slipping down and her ears would get under water. She is now to big for the sling, but to small to sit up in the ring. I gave it a fair try, but I had to go out and buy another bath. It seems like a great concept, but it is really just a waste of [money]."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I thought this looked wonderful in the store so I registered for a couple.  Afterwards I attempted to put a cute sheet and mattress pad in the crib... such a chore!  I started using these and haven't had to change the cute sheet since.  It's so easy to just snap on and not fuss with anything else.  It's a soft sheet on top, an absorbent layer in the middle, and a waterproof vinyl back so nothing leaks through.  I've changed it in the middle of the night in a couple minutes tops... it washes up great with my baby's normal laundry too!  I highly recommend these sheets."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was skeptical at first about 'babywearing', I tried it once as a joke with this sling that was given to me and fell in love. It was one of the only places besides the breast that my daughter would fall asleep consistently for the fist 4 months or so.  So I agree with other mothers who say that you have to give it a chance to grow on you. It may seem strange or uncomfortable at first but I still use my sling with my daughter and she's 18 months now. She sits on my hip and watches me do the dishes or fold laundry. Hands free is the way to be!The sling I was given was a bit large for me, and I'm not a tiny person 5'3'' 135lbs. Although it was adjustable I think for my next child I'll try a sling that comes in sizes."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This toy seemed very well liked and is recommended on many toy homepages in the Top Ten Toys. I had high hopes but my little boy just doesn't seem interested. We received it early on and I think he liked the sounds of it somewhat. He is now almost 14 months and doesn't really play with it unless he is prompted by  me. Even then he'll only shortly press some buttons and then usually starts picking it up and throwing it. This thing is heavy for a little person and I'm afraid that it could hit his foot or smash through our french doors. I thought it might just take him a little while and that he would be interested as he grows older but so far we could have done without it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I'm 28 weeks pregnant, and have been having trouble sleeping with the extra tummy weight so I thought this would help.  However, this didn't really help me sleep better at all, if anything it made it worse.  It was very uncomfortable.  Maybe I'll try it again later when my tummy gets even bigger.***UPDATE***  Now that I am 33 weeks, I use this support pillow every night.  Once my tummy got bigger, the pillow was no longer uncomfortable and actually helps support my belly very much.  Now I can't sleep without it!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I registered for this tub because I thought it is very cool and so multi-functional.After the baby was born and passed his stage of dry bath, I found this tub is not very easy to use.  My husband and I coudln't solve the leaking issue.  It also difficult for me to expand or close the tub.The sling is not very good, either.I tried to use this tub for 3 times and returned it.  I got Sure Comfort Deluxe instead.  I think Sure Comfort Deluxe is a much better choice for new born.  It is very easy to put over my sink.  The green net comes with the tub is easy to use."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I think we bought this for $8. I was in the market for a snoogie but couldn't bring myself to pay $60 for a pillow I would only use for a few months. I am 7 months along and I didn't realize that I needed to 'lift' my belly a bit. Works great. A lot more sturdy than I thought. I'm glad it's not memory foam because I need a 'lift' not to sink in. I gave it 4 stars only because I have 2-3 more months to go in my pregnancy.A great buy! A great little size that does the job."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had previously purchased another tub because it was a few dollars cheaper but soon regretted it once received. The tub had two pouches to but the soap and shampoo. But the one thing i needed was a drain. The dirty water built up and the only way to get it out is to tilt it up so it can pour out. Such a hassle while washing a 9month old. Not with this one though. I can fill the tub up for him to play and splash and allow it to drain out when its time to wash. Great, so my son don't soak in dirty water which he does pee in."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I ordered these for our coffee table corners. The are rounded corners, but not so round they can't knock a little noggin. From the information I read about this product it said to order the jumbo/wider (rather than standard size) guards. Unfortunately I guess what I really need is something not just for wide corners but rounded as well. We have a lot of items to baby-proof, these seem very soft and durable, I am sure I will find corners that can use them. But they won't work for the coffee table and that is the area I am the most concerned with at the moment."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I found the nipple to be way too hard for my newborn son to suck.  I then ran out and got the Munchkin Tri-flow.  You can change how fast the milk flows out of the bottle as you baby grows and the nipple is much softer!Munchkin also sells just the nipple that is compatable with the Avent bottle.  So, if you've already purchased the avent bottles your money has not gone to waste!  The only problem is that the Tri-flow is still fairly new and is very hard to find!  Good Luck!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My almost 4 month old son is VERY small (24th percentile!) so the doctor recomended me buying a sterelizer, in other cases careful scrubing and just putting the bottles in the dishwasher would do, and it can save you some trouble. but for those people who need or really want a sterelizer, this ones great. Its much less expensive than the other sterelizers that take over all your counter space! It cleans my bottles very well, and I use mostly avent by the way. It can also sterelize my 2 1/2 year olds \"magic cups\" after he gets over a virus or if he had milk (another product by avent). It is fairly simple to use and much less stressful than boiling water, in my opinion. It also comes with 4 bottles, although my house is a bottle factory as it is! This sterelizer can also be used as a drying rack if needed. I love this sterelizer and it has kept my small son very healthy, happy and playful!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is the best booster seat. It \"grips\" easily to chairs and does not slide. We use it in our captains chairs and our son is great in it! It is the most durable seat too. My nephew has had one for two years or more now and it is still in EXCELLENT condition. It is soft and comfy. It may seem pricey for a booster but it is definitely worth it. It travels easy and wipes clean in a heartbeat. Grandma even bought one to keep at her house for all the kids! Definitely a must have!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "LOVE this potty - it's so easy and comfortable for our son to sit on. Picked this one up after starting out with a Fisher Price potty that didn't have a splash guard (stupid me!), which was frustrating for everyone involved (trying to tell/help a 2-year old to \"point it down\"... yeah, right) - as soon as our son tried this one out for the first time, his motivation level skyrocketed and he quickly became excited about peeing in the potty, instead of dreading it. The design and height are perfect, and the seat is easy to remove and empty (so much better than the ones where you have to slide the potty part out to empty it). Best potty ever!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We bought this because my youngest daughter won't train on a potty seat on the toilet, so we thought this might help her transition from diapers.  It's just plastic.  I had hoped there'd be a way to put a plastic liner in the hole part so we could just take the liner off instead of having to clean the plastic bowl, but unless we want her to sit on the liner, that's not an option.  Oh well, it's a big overpriced piece of plastic."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My sister had a Diaper Genie and it always smelled really bad. She constantly complained about it so I opted to try the Diaper Champ. Boy am I glad! It is so easy to use especially since you can use regular trashbags vs. genie refills and the diaper is gone w/ a flip of a handle!! My son is 9 months old and we have NO SMELL PROBLEMS!!! I don't know how some people can complain about smells coming from this thing...it's sealed up like Ft. Knox. You never see the inside of the pail until you empty it. The canister pushes the diaper into the trashbag, thus never allowing odors to escape through the pail. I would have to say the only way you may have an odor problem is if you never empty it!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I read several reviews before settling on this one.  Initially, I was considering the potty with the ladder but breakage, slippage and space were an issue with that one.  This turned out to be the ideal potty seat for us.  It fits over my elongated toilet seat comfortable without slipping so I have no fear of it falling in when my little ones rush to the potty.  They even put it on the seat themselves.  It little ridge on the front are perfect for little boys and avoid any leakage or spilling!  The kids love that they have their own seat that is so comfortable.  Baby Bjorn products are always well-made and well suite for the their particular purpose and this one proves that.  It gives me peace of mind knowing that my little ones can use it easily without fear of them slipping off of it or the seat falling into the bowl.  Great potty seat!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We registered for this tub, before doing any research.  Big mistake.  As a newborn, I used the sling to bathe my son.  As he got bigger, I put the sling into the tub (2nd way of the 4-1 system).  Bath time became a pain.  My son kept sliding down, even with one hand on him at all times.  He didn't really seem to enjoy it either.  Finally, after reading great online reviews I bought the Eurobath.  LOVE IT!!!!!  From day one my son had a great time in his new (huge) tub.  He fits securely into the reclined side of the tub, with no slipping.  He is comfortable and there is enough water around him to keep him warm and for him to splash.  We've had it over a month, I highly recommend the Eurobath over this bath tub."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have used this for 11 months and I love it. What we did was after the baby started having odor in his #2s we bought some of those diaper bags from dollar tree (100 for $1) and put the dirty diapers in those little bags. So easy! Never an odor problem. And I use regular kitchen garbage bags in it, so no special bags to buy.I did research when I was registering before the baby and looked at all of the other diaper pails and this one was the one that came out ahead. I am glad I researched it because I am very happy with it!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I've been using the baby tracker since the day my daughter came home from the hospital.  We're on the third one now.  It's useful for when the doctor asks how often she's feeding and urinating, but even better for looking at and realizing, &#34;Oh, she hasn't slept in x number of hours.  She's probably crying because she's tired.&#34;  But the BEST thing it has done for me since her newborn days is help me put her on a nap schedule.  I flipped through a couple weeks and looked at when she seemed to be sleeping during the day and looked for a pattern, then started putting her down for naps around those same times each day.  It helps a lot."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "As soon as I opened the box, I could tell by the VOC's that this playard was treated with chemicals.  I called Graco to confirm that it is indeed treated with fire retardants.  In addition, some of the characters on the side panels contain vinyl...like the entire face of the sun is PVC.  Why would you let your child play, let alone sleep in this toxic chemical stew.  I called Joovy about their Room2 Playard.  It's the same size but quite a bit more expensive. The representative told me it was not treated with fire retardants.  Definitely worth it to pay the extra $, knowing my children won't be exposed to harmful chemicals."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this because of the excellent reviews, so I felt it necessary to add my review that is not as positive.My son is 3'3\" & 30 pounds. (he is almost 3 yr old) He does fit on this potty, but it leaves horrible red marks in his inner thighs after only sitting on it a few minutes. It hurt his bottom so badly that he cried & said \"oh mommy my legs!\" It's not great to start potty training with a painful experience. He is now afraid of it.I don't know if my son just has very sensitive skin or if it's because he is too big for the chair, but I switched to a soft seat that goes on the big toilet & we are trying that now. I wouldn't recommend this potty for larger children."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The idea behind this design is well intentioned but I find the design aggravating. Subconsciously I always go for the handle to move this thing, but the handle is connected to the removable bottle storage piece. There's no other way to pick this thing up unless you grab it by the warmer cup. It may seem trivial but I like to keep this thing out of the way (it's an eye sore) and I would have rather just the bottle warmer with no bottle storage chamber.Plus, the heating is inconsistent. No matter whether you put extra water or not, the bottles still don't get warm like they should. When we first got it (4 months ago) the milk would actually be too hot. That hasn't happened in a while."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "As the mother of six grown children, I realize the importance of a playpen when babies start to explore their environment...we can't watch them every moment. I am now a grandmother who babysits for my daughter. I ordered this to use at my own home, and have had such a good experience with it that I ordered a second one for her to use at her house. The color is vibrant for lots of visual stimulation. The playpen is also a good size. Take it from this grandmother that this is definitely the best. 5 stars*****"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These were a complete hassle to pry apart just to install them.  My mom and I each held a side and pulled, but nothing.  I finally had to shove in the latches as far as I could to get them apart.  Since that seems to be the only way to take the cover off, I had to leave the latches pushed in, defeating the purpose of keeping kids from pulling them off.  Definitley something I would use as a permanent fixture.  It's too much of a hassle to take it off every time you need to plug something in.  I plugged in what I needed to and have not intention of switching them up."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this diaper pail. Yea, if you let poopy diapers sit in it for too long and don't change the bag on a regular basis it will start to stink but  c'mon its a bucket full of poopy diapers.As you child grows, or if you have older children watch out. The handle system fascinates  little ones and they find it amusing that they can put something in, flip it and it disappears,  which is good when it's a diaper, bad when it's,,, your keys."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is another great baby purchase.  When I brought it home, my husband laughed at me and said that it was just a \"gadgety\" baby thing that we didn't need.  He changed his mind though after we put it into use and saw how well it worked!First, it really keeps the odor in.  I'm pretty sensitive to smells, but this one does a good job of containing odors.  Just to play it safe though, I make sure to empty it every day and a half to two days or so (you could probaby go longer), and I spray it with Lysol as well.  Keeping with that practice, I haven't had a problem with bad odors.Secondly, its economical--its not expensive to buy, and its not expensive to maintain.  Its nice to be able to use regular garbage bags and not having to buy expensive diaper disposal system specific bags.No bad odors and not expensive to buy or maintain---I definitely recommend this product!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Before I had my baby, I was thoroughly confused by all of the bottle options available. I started doing research & this one came highly recommended. Now I know why!!!! Hardly any cleaning!!!!! If you're not a complete germ phobe & not super messy while making the bottle, you rarely have to wash the bottles or rings. Just change out the drop in, wash the nipple & you're set. I've only had to wash the bottles or rings when I've accidentally gotten the formula on them. My only complaint is the \"leak proof\" lid. I only tried it once. Put the lid on the bottle & put the bottle in the outside side pocket of the diaper bag. Bag wasn't jostled or knocked around or anything & the bottle totally leaked. So, the \"leak proof\" tops are not leak proof. Still, I wouldn't use any other bottle."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This cover works well for my power strips -- all the ones in my house fit. Also, I like that it doesn't matter how big the plugs are that you have in the power strip, it holds them (those large converter plugs that won't fit is so many child proof products fit fine in this one.My child is 10 months and hasn't messed with these yet, so I can't say how they will hold up with a larger toddler. However, I was concerned she'd try to put her hand in the slot that cords come out of and that hasn't happened yet. You still have to manage how the cords coming out of this cover are child-proofed. There is some space to roll up excess slack and stuff it into the cover."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I can honestly say I love this bottle warmer because it is very convenient for those in a 2-story house.  We loved being able to keep the bottle cool and save the trip downstairs in the middle of the night.  Even when my son was sleeping through the night we still kept his morning bottle in his room and used this warmer to keep it cool.  But...I was very disappointed that my Dr. Brown's bottles were too wide for the warmer.  The taller Dr. Brown's bottle fit in the warmer but were too tall to fit in the cooler.  I ended up still using the cooler but storing the Dr. Brown's bottles in there without the nipple and cap on so they would fit.  My only suggestion would be to make the warmer wider so all bottles can fit."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had some of these that came with my Medela pump and like some other reviewers I thought they would be a good deal since I've really liked my Medela pump.  I really didn't like using them with the twist ties.  That didn't make sense to me at all.  I tried the First Years that have a zip-loc top and they've worked better.  They sit on their own and don't need to be set in a cup!I do prefer using bottles to store milk and have found the Mother's Milk Mate storage bottles to be a great cheap alternative for storage bottles."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is one of my favorite products I have purchased as a new mommy.  I love it.  It warms the Avent bottles great.  It took some trials to determine how much water to add but now I have it down great.  You can over heat and then you will burn yourself if your not careful.  It is not like the negative reviews if you pay attention and use the right amount of water. It DOES NOT warm the Playtex Ventair bottles.  I guess because of the vent but I preferred the Avent bottles anyway.  The cooler DOES keep bottles cold for up to 8 hours if you remember to freeze the freezer pack each day.  We have a 2 story house and this helped us so much.  I have the other First year single warmer also and it is in my kitchen and it is great as well.  This is definitly worth the money!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is great, partly because it's low-profile and doesn't take up much space, and also (best of all) because it's SO easy to clean!  The plastic seems super-slippery so all potty messes slide off OR are easily wiped away with cleaning solution.  Even the white doesn't discolor over time.  The slight rubber bottom keeps it sticking to tile, so that's convenient.  I would definitely recommend this to any and all looking for a small, simple quality training toilet.  For boys, the pee guard lip works pretty well."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I received this as a gift and was surprised at how quickly this warms bottles.  However, if you don't pay attention, it will overheat the bottle.  It would really be helpful if there was a timer or auto shut-off because the water can become scalding.  I usually use the wide-neck bottles so I don't have the \"floating\" problem but the few times I did use the slim regular bottles and did experience the floating bottle.  The upside is that it does accommodate the wide neck bottles.  It's also an easy-to-clean item."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My son is 3 years old and I potty trained him in 1 day. I purchased this toilet seat along with a potty book for boys (and no potty). He learned to go on this by itself, I was amazed at how fast he learned. All I had to do was get rid of the diapers and buy him big boy underwear to start the potty journey. It took a day of \"accidents\", but it was well worth it. This toilet seat is versatile and you can take it along anywhere you go! I highly recommend it -- no need for a potty either :)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I admit it: I am impressed with Avent bottles! They are easily one of the baby products capable of handling extremes without a blink. Example: microwave sterilize them and after a couple of minutes, pour a stream of recently boiled water; mix with formula and put next to the ice bin in the freezer for five minutes. Do this with your average bottle a few times and be ready to say bye-bye to them, but Avent bottles hold on strong and in the process also happen to offer the best bibs in the market (the ones that best mimic the nipple, thus giving your baby the least gas, if you feed the bottle perpendicular to his/her mouth). No wonder they've been voted among the best baby products for several years in a row!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a very nice potty chair.  It is a sleek, simple design, easy to clean, no annoying sounds or other bells/whistles.  I ordered it to get my child used to sitting on the potty (not starting training yet).  I have a small (18 pound) 1 year old and this seat was just a little bit too tall.  I ended up ordering the Baby Bjorn Smart Potty, which is a very similar design without the high back/sides, and it seems to be a much better size for my needs.  It appears that the bowls are interchangeable. I posted side-by-side photo of both of the potties for comparison purposes."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got this pillow and when it arrived I was disappointed. I purchased it intending to use it to prop my torso up at night during my 2 trimester. It was much smaller than I realized and tossed it aside. A few weeks later I started using it between my knees while I slept on my side. I also used it under my growing belly so It wouldn't hang. I found myself using it behind my back during TV time and also in the car. I used it all the time. Right now, I am letting a friend borrow it for her back at work since she is in her third trimester. I would recommend this pillow to anyone so has back issues or is pregnant. The case comes off so you can clean it too."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I decided to get this diaper disposal system instead of all of the others for one simple fact: NO REFILLS NEEDED! You use any type of bag you want, and I love this idea. The refills for all the others are so spendy and they don't hold that many diapers. I'd rather buy cheap 13 gallon garbage bags from wal-mart or use one of the gazillion plastic grocery bags we already have in a cupboard at home. It also keeps the smell away perfectly fine-until you open it of course to take the bag out to the garbage can! It's so easy to pop a bag in or out as well. I think it's great and I highly recommend it to every family that loves to save money."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I wanted a small potty chair that would be easy for our 18 month old to sit on. We didn't pressure her to use it, but would casually ask. She would run in and sit on it, read on it, and sing songs. Fast forward to when she is 22 months and she now asks to go potty and will actually use it for that purpose!  Still in the potty training process, but this is a great starter tool.  I specifically got the white with splash guard so that it was the same color as the adult toilet in all the bathrooms and also so we could see if she went."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This inflatable tub was perfect! A good size, no frills, and a suction cup that worked well for mounting it to the shower wall when we were finished using it. It worked great, until we started noticing slow leaks. We'd super glue one, only to find another a few weeks later. Time to buy a new tub.*Update - all the other tubs have the same negative reviews about splitting seams over time. Since this tub worked so well for us until it split and we love the suction cup, we just bought another one. Ah well."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "i have zero complaints about these bottles. wish i had bought them in the first place (i started out with the playtex nurser system). they may be pricy compared to other bottles, but, you don't have to buy liners for these bottles. my daughter found these bottles much easier to hold herself than the playtex ones and these have a bigger selection of nipple flow to choose from (besides slow and fast, where fast for playtex really just means not so slow), so i put them away and got more of these, and my daugher was a much happier baby.what i found with the leaking some people complain about: if there is any liquid in the seal it will leak. this problem can easily be solved by wiping the inside of the ring that holds the nipple and the outside rim of the bottle with a dry rag, and if it squeaks when you screw the lid on, you're not going to have any leaks.hope this helps!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This stool is a miracle worker for tired legs and backs.  I love to use it when nursing my son upstairs.  The slanted top means your feet are positioned perfectly for holding a baby.  It's very sturdy and doesn't slide around on the floor like my daughter's plastic stools do.I did not get this until baby #2, and I wish I had had it with the first one!  Believe me, there is no comparison between rocking/nursing/holding a baby with this stool, or just resting your feet on the floor.Definitely in my \"top ten\" list of must-haves for breastfeeding."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I'm really surprised at the 5 star reviews for this potty chair. If I had back all the time I have spent cleaning pee up off the floor I would be so happy. The splash guard is way too short, my son just pees right over the top of it. I do like the separate potty and it's easy to clean but I still have to clean the whole chair because it simply doesn't hold in the pee stream. Ugh. I'm retiring it as soon as I get a different potty chair. MESSY."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Very handy item to have available. Heats faster than boiling and more efficiently/safely than the microwave.  The only problem I've found is that the heating instructions included with the warmer are overestimated. If you set it to a lower temperature (between 1 and 2) and let it warm longer, it's easier to prevent overheating.This warmer DOES HAVE an ON/OFF SWITCH, but still no built-in timer (the oven timer works just fine).And as far as the bottle floating around during heating, you can put the bottle in BEFORE you add the water, and fill up the water to the same level as the liquid in the bottle to prevent uneven bobbing.My son is now 1-year-old and no longer uses bottles, but I still use this warmer for his refrigerated baby food and even to warm up a cup of milk for him."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We just couldn't bring ourselves to buy a pail that required us to purchase extra refills.  This pail is great.  I do put really dirty diapers into a plastic shopping bag before putting it in the pail, to reduce the chance of nasty seepage and rub-off onto the chamber as the diaper is moved into the bottom.  It is not difficult to open, and the fact that it has a good clasp offers a sense of security for when our little girl starts pulling herself up on things, which will be soon (she's 8 months old).  We change the bag a couple of times a week, and the nursery smells fine."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased this bottle warmer for my second baby because it was a life saver for my daughter.  It stores 2 bottles in the compartment and comes with a small ice pack.  Do not store milk with this ice pack for more than eight hours.  The pack is fairly small and does not cool the milk for long.  I use a freezer pack and store one bottle at a time.  I would add a time chart just to know approximately how much time it takes to heat up a bottle."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love these bottles.  My Amelia is hardly every gassy with them.  As for the leaking issue, it is Not the bottle, it's the user!Bottle use de-mystified: you MUST  make sure that the top of the bottle and its threads are DRY and the flange of the nipple on the inside is dry as well.....then when you tightly screw on the cap it should make a soft squeak sound that perfects the seal. If either are wet or have milk on them (like when you open it to re-fill a partially full bottle) you must re-dry the threads and nipple before screwing closed. Motto: \"IF you don't hear a squeak, it's gonna leak\".  Good luck."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I've only tried the 9oz bottles and they leak for me alot. It's really annoying since I spent so much money thinking that they were quality. They also make alot of noise when my son eats. And he doesn't like the nipple, it's too thick for him to get a good suction. One thing that is good is these bottles don't give him gas which I've tried cheap bottles and he gets gassy with them. After trying alot of bottles the only brand I have absolutely no problem with is the Dr.Brown bottles. They are just the best. But they have extra parts to clean which is a pain."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We found this book at a rummage sale and found it to be so useful, especially when several people are helping with the baby (ex: visiting family, etc.)  We loved it so much that I've bought another one and have almost filled that one too.  I like having the room to write things about our baby's day and development, plus use the \"Notes\" section to write some story, etc.  It also helps \"Dad\" see what has happened that day and feels more connected.  I will be buying another one soon!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a fantastic product. It has a lot of room to store the dirty diapers, and yet there is little to no smell. You know when it's full because the plunger won't go down all the way, and you can't return the handle to the other position. When you take the garbage bag out, you can tell just how much smell you'd be in for with any other container. I also like that you can use whatever garbage bags you want with this, instead of having to buy special ones. A good buy."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a stay-at-home mom's lifesaver!As my little boy (now 9 months) has become moremobile, this product has helped tremendously.It has broadened his world but in an enclosed space.We keep his play yard in a corner within the superyard, in the children's playroom.He never gets tired of it. He can play with his toys,while I check my email, do the laundry and watch him at the same time. He loves it!He can crawl or cruise within his area and can see me whilehe plays. It's great that you can adjust the individual pieces.I recommend buying the extra parts to have a larger space for baby to roam in. It never hurts to have extra, in case one breaks. Great product! We have great fun playing in it together!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Unfortunately, I am not able to find this bathtub anywhere (( My son used to have it 6-7 years ago). It is great! It is the only one bathtub where a baby does not slip forward and doesn't go under water. This blue gear is awesome. I do not understand why it is discontinued. I do not care if it is leaking. I did not notice that because it was used in adult bathtub. IF SOMEBODY HAS IT, PLEASE, I WILL BUY FROM YOU."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We got our twin boys this Mozart Magic Cube for Christmas, when they were 6 months old.  We liked everything about it...except that it was TOO LOUD!  I've actually been amazed at the number of baby toys that are annoyingly loud.  Some to the point that they made our babies cry (like this one).  I've actually had to place duct tape over speaker holes on numerous things such as mobiles, play gyms, and an activity table because otherwise those products are great, just loud.  But therein lies the problem with this toy - there is no obvious speaker hole on it.  It's as if the annoyingly loud music emanates from every crevice.  Which is why it has been put away since Christmas.  Now that the boys are 9.5 months I may try to bring it out again and see if they will tolerate it.  If not I'll just sell this overpriced piece of plastic at my MOMs Resale next month."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My husband and I picked out this diaper pail when I was pregnant with my son because friends told us to get one that uses regular garbage bags. That turned out to be the only perk of this diaper pail. The springs have been popping off since about the first month. My son is now 10 months old and recently one of the springs broke, which completely gets rid of the supposed &quot;odor-free&quot; feature (which I found wasn't exactly true either).  Now that we are expecting baby #2 I am going to have to buy another diaper pail to replace this one. My advice: Don't waste your money. It's just as efficient to throw your diapers in a regular trash can."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The title says it all...the edges of the bumpers were very tempting for my daughter to peel every chance she got. You'd think her ability to remove the ends of the bumpers would indicate the bumpers would be easy to remove.They were a nightmare and have ruined our beautiful coffee table. I've tried goo gone to no avail. If anyone has any tips how to get the tape off, which is coated with random pieces of foam from the old bumpers, I'd love to hear them. I can't believe how awful my table looks."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We used the playtex drop in bottles for our daughter and I do not have one bad thing to say about them.  They made my life a lot easier by cutting down on the washing of bottles.  You just drop in the liner and throw it away after feeding and the only thing you have to wash is the nipple.  No taking apart the bottle and washing several parts.... Just quick and easy.  We used the Madela bottles at first but she was having a few problems (too much air) but we did not have any issues with these.  We order all of our baby stuff on autoship (including the liners) and the price is unbeatable."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We love this gate!  We purchased two, one for the top of the stairs and one for downstairs.  Let me tell you a few reasons why this will be the only baby gate we will buy.1.  You can take the gate part off when not needed, yet it is safe enough for the top of the stairs.2.  Even 5 year olds still cannot open it.  All other baby gates become useless as soon as the kids figure out how it works.3.  You can buy extra sets of hardware to move the gate around depending on the circumstances.4.  It's so cheap!These are just the top few reasons why we love this gate.  Give it a try."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We received the Prince Lionheart Diaper Depot for ease of access to diapers. It attaches perfectly to the Gulliver Changing Table we have from IKEA which made me really happy. Accessing newborn diapers is a bit difficult since the diapers are much smaller than those used for older babies but that's fine since we won't be using newborn diapers for long. I'm curious to see how it will work with the cloth diaper inserts since we're planning on cloth diapering when our baby is out of the newborn stage. We haven't received our cloth diapers so I have yet to see. I'll post an update when I get them.I do wish it had a little larger storage for diapering supplies. With the wipers warmer in the caddy, it's difficult to see the supplies on the back side and I can only hold a pump bottle of hand sanitizer or a couple of tubes of diaper cream. Other than that, it's a handy product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this potty chair!My son barely used it, just for the beginning month of his potty training but it had many very nice qualities and I would recommend it highly.The color is pretty and the chair is cute. I like my bathroom to look nice and it didnt bother me to see this in there every day.The skid rubber on the bottom really hung on to the ground well, even in those times when some bath water had gotten on the floor. It is very stable and wont move around on you or your toddler.the design is simple, which means that clean up is simple as well. the removable piece just comes out and is a breeze to clean.The high back and sides make it safer for wiggly toddlersI loved everything about this and am glad I shelled out the extra money... not only that but when it was time to sell it I got a decent amount of money for it because its a name brand and they are so expensive"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got two of these after starting EC with my 9 month old.  The potty is a perfect size for a young child/baby who is beginning to use the potty.  My son can't get on it by himself, but can get off...his feet touch the floor when he is seated and he is low enough to reach for toys.  The one piece design is great for cleaning.  Other reviews said that they wished Bjorn would make a clear potty like this which is why I got white (next best thing for seeing when he's done).  If you are considering trying EC...don't hesitate you will be shocked how readily young children will indicate they need to potty and will use the potty consistently.  Great quality product for price!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My 4-5 month old baby loves this toy.  It is very easy to press the buttons and activate the sounds, so even very young, uncoordinated babies can get this toy to make noise.  As she gets older, she can use the cube to learn about different kinds of sounds and about colors.  For now, though, she just likes to chew on the corners and is delighted whenever the music starts playing.I am giving this four stars instead of five because the cube is secured to its packaging with wire-like pieces of plastic that protrude from the toy.  It is actually very difficult (and maybe impossible) to remove these pieces entirely from the toy, and that presents a danger of poked eyes and scratches.  Eventually, we had to cut the plastic ties very close to the toy and then push the raw ends into the toy, where they still are (and we hope they stay there).  There seems to be no way to remove them entirely."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I've noticed that the negative reviews on this potty focus on how small it is. Yes, it IS small. It would be too small for most kids beyond the age of 3 and any bigger/tall  toddlers. If you are in that category you'd want to look at one of the larger Bjorn potties.HOWEVER, if you are ECing a baby or working on potty training with a younger/smaller toddler, this potty is great. Their feet will touch the ground and it's easy for them to sit on. For myself I love the simple, one-piece design. This makes it really easy to carry to different areas of the house, in the car, and it seems less tempting to be used as a hat. We have used 3 different potties over the years with our children and this is my favorite. The back has a knotch cut out for easy carrying. Really great little potty."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My daughter is on the thinner side and at 18 months struggles to get comfortable in this chair. She's not able to sit on it without falling in. There's no way that she could sit on this for any length of time because she's having to hold her weight so she doesn't fall in. In addition, the splash guard makes sitting on this super awkward. Another mother wrote about how her daughter needed stitches after cutting her genitals on the splash guard. I can totally see how this can happen. It's not safe for your child to independently seat themselves without some help."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Once you have this stool, you will use it long after you stop nursing. It is wonderful for just propping your feet up while reading, watching TV, doing needlework, and much more. I have a rocker/glider that I use in my front room and the gliding ottoman is just awkward and bulky. I was using a regular child's step stool but have had to tip it onto two legs and I'm starting to notice some wear on my carpet. It is also easier to pick up and move out of the way than the ottomans or switch to the couch."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We used this tub for my baby from about 7 or 8 months old until about 13 months.  It was a great transition from our infant bathtub, giving her more space without using all the water that a full bath would require.  It only took moments to inflate by mouth, and I never needed to add more air.  I liked being able to use the tub in the middle of the big tub so my baby was never in close proximity to the faucet or water controls.  The vinyl is a nice quality, and I ended up using it outdoors as a small wading pool at my mother's house after the baby outgrew it for bath purposes.  Once she started walking it was not long that she learned how to climb out of the sides, but I'm very happy with the job that this tub did for the months we were able to use it!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have busy almost-two year old twins who are fascinated with the many window blinds in our house. I didn't want to spend a fortune, but needed a quick fix. These did the trick, easy to install, and keep the cords just out of their reach. They do pop off from time to time, but are easily replaced. I've purchased several different brands, and they are all about the same. I wouldn't spend extra money on ones that claim to do better than this type."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My daughter wasn't drinking out of the bottle. The laytex nipple was the only one shes takes. Its soft and is the most like a breast. But  I  didn't know why she wouldn't drink the bottle until I smelled the milk.  It had gone bad. So I learned that if you heat the milk ( not boil it) right after you pump then store it in good bags the milk stays fresh, and baby eats while i'm at work.  There is no better feeling for you (and grandma whos watching her)  when you know that shes happy while you are at work."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "While I love the app on my phone (Baby ESP) for my husband and I-- it's not realistic for someone filling in to download the app. Our parents, who frequently watch our baby, have yet to embrace the app world.So, we use this on days when we have help. It keeps track of everything the doctor will ask you. (How many poop diapers, how many pee diapers, how often are you feeding, how often is he sleeping, what's his schedule like). We usually end up entering the data when we get home so our app can tabulate everything for us in easy to read charts.I kind of like this too because it helps us to review what was going on during the day while we weren't at home."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My daughter was scared of falling in the toilet when she first started potty training.  She was so scared that she would wait until the very last second to go and she would have accidents because of it.  With this training seat she fit perfectly and her fear was over.  We ended up purchasing 3 of these because they worked so well.I am only giving it four starts though because we did find that she would hurt her booty and &#34;parts&#34; some times when she would try to slide up on it.  I understand why the bump in the front is there (to stop kids from peeing out the front of it) but if it could be made with a softer material (at least on the front) it might make it easier and less painful for kids to get on and off of."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have a dishwasher and had a full term very healthy child, and still used this product. Lids and nipples tend to turn up in the dishwasher and retain water, and sediment..so what is point if I have to just rewash them?This sterilizer holds 6 bottles, nipples, tops, and pacifiers all at the same time. You can put breast pump parts in it, and anything else that you need to sterilize. I washed everything, filled this with the items and water, and popped it in at 6 minutes in our microwave to have perfectly clean and sterilized bottles, pacifiers, or breast pump parts. I used this everyday until my son was 6 months old, when we stopped sterilizing bottles. Its easy, safe, convenient, and fast."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The musical sounds don't sound like the real instruments, they just sound like a cheap toy. Also, I thought each instrument would play its own melody, how it would in a real orchestra. For example, the horn would play the background, the flute a lighter melody, then all the instruments would combine to create the true melody when the orchestra button is pressed. But really, each button plays exactly the same notes except with a different instrument.  I was really disappointed, and my daughter prefers the music buttons from her Tiny Love Activity Center. The ones on that toy are really neat."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We take this little potty with us everywhere.  I actually purchased online from Amazon specifically to find the one piece BabyBjorn Little Potty (BBLP) after my friends raved about it.It now lives permanently in the back of my car, so that my toddler can have easy access to a potty when we're on the go.  I've also taken this on planes and trips in our carry-on, so that we would have access to a potty ...even if there was not a bathroom available.  With little ones it is so hard for them to wait, and this helps keep them potty-independent.Also, if you do infant pottying or elimination communication, this is one of the &#34;must-have&#34; pottys.  The seat is a little on the smaller side compared to the standard little pottys you'll find at Toys R Us or wherever ...which makes it ideal for little ones (I am talking 1 year or younger)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a really great product... With just a little bit of water it sterilize everything really fast and it turn off by itself...And it's big enought to put almost everything you  want to... I really prefer this one instead of the microwave one because the other one is smaller, what means that you have to spend more electricity because you have to sterilize more times!!! And not even try to boil the bottles in the stove .... believe me, you would forget to turn it off... That has happend to me a thousand times in my mother's house!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this sterilizer. I am a breastfeeding mother and use the Avent Isis to pump milk from time to time. This sterilizer fits the Isis perfectly along with a few bottles, nipples and sealing discs. I wash my bottles out after I use them and put them away. When I'm ready to pump, I load this up and 7 minutes later I'm good to go. You don't need to dry the bottles or pump before using, if you use them right away. When I'm done, I wash my pump and store it back in here to dry. It stays there until I'm ready to use it again. I've never tried sterilizing any other bottles but the instructions specify how to place others in here so they fit well. It is very time saving, rinses easily, and works very well. I'm glad I've never had to resort to the boiled water on the stove."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We love this potty chair (bought one for each bathroom).  The design is simple.  It is comfortable and easy to use.  My 2 year old son has had no problems with it.  Very portable (we keep it in the back of our vehicle for longer trips).  We also have the BabyBjorn potty seat which is great as well.  I like having both so my son can choose whichever he wants (he likes both equally).  Made in the USA too!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "this is the worst bath tub i've bought. i returned this item right away. it leaks. once i pulled it out to be longer but, no matter how much i struggled to put the extension back together, it just wouldn't click. when i pressed it to lock the extension, i couldn't tell whether it locked or not, so then i put water to test the lock system. the result was that my kitchen counter and floor were a mess.now, i bought the Euro bath. it does a good job."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great pump. I haven't had any issues with it. I pump constantly as my son is very finicky as to when he wants a bottle or a breast in his mouth.  Easy to use and clean. The carrying case is great for when I go back to work and it can also be used as a carrying bag for keeping milk/formula cold when you go out.  While I love the pump I am not happy with the Avent Bottles. They can leak easily if you over or under tighten the bottle.  Let me tell you at three in the morning you dont' want to worry about that stuff.  You want to get a nipple on and feed.  I recommend the pump but not their bottles.  Sometimes if I put down the pump on the bed and it tips a bit I get spillage from where the pump connects to the bottle."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My mom bought this for us after she decided that the bath chair we already owned was not good enough.  This has been the best bathtub we could have ever wanted!  The newborn sling is nice, and lets baby have contact with the water without feeling overwhelmed.  Our baby didn't really like bath time until he could sit up by himself, and at that point this bath tub became a necessity.  Baby loves to explore the tub, and the secure bath ring helps keep him safely and securely in one place.  He is now almost 20 mos and we still use it with the bath ring in place because he likes it better that way, too!  I especially like it because I don't have to worry about him slipping under the water accidentally if I look away for a second to get his towel ready or something.  We had a problem with leaking at first, too, but once we read the instructions and pushed the bottom down securely, we haven't had a problem since."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Our three year old son immediately loved this chair (we ordered it in his \"favowit\" color green).  He is fairly tall for his age but can still sit in it comfortably and it looks like shorter children could as well.  My only complaint is that when he stands to tinkle, the urine inevitably hits the back of the seat and the design is such that it leaks underneath.  It's easy for us to clean because we have mostly hardwood or tile floors but I can wouldn't recommend this for homes with mostly carpeting.  I know our son likes to have his potty chair in various rooms in the house so it could make quite a mess.  Other than that, though, it's lightweight, easy to transport if needed, easy to clean/dump in the toilet and my son loves it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased this product a few months ago despite all the bad reviews and so far I have not had a problem with it. My son loves it. I've had this sitting in the sink (dirty) for days sometimes and I have never once had a problem cleaning it. The best way I figured out on cleaning this product is to just clean it with hot water and dish detergent and clean out the inside really good with the same type of brush that you use to clean out the bottles. Even the bananas come out and who cares if its a little stained as long as you know that its clean. I was in the store the other day and saw a similar version of this item made by Munchkin at less than half the price of this one. I wish I found it before because this baby safe feeder is a little outrageous in price for this kind of item. I would still  definately recommend this product though."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have tried many bottle warmers and this is the one we currently use. I liked it because it had a section to keep bottles cold as well. This feature sounds good, but in real life, doesn't work as well as it sounds.The bottle warmer works ok but the heating action is inconsistent even if you get the water level on the meniscus the same everytime. This isn't good for breast milk. Also the heating plate accumulates gunk from time to time.It includes a jar food holder to heat food, but we have never tried it.All in all a decent bottle warmer, but you have have to compensate with a re-heat or cold water sometimes."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This product comes with special double-sided sticky tape to attach the guards. It&#699;s easy to apply to the inside of the guards and easy to attach to the corners and surfaces that you want to use. For us we have an extremely sharp edge in our shower and baby crawls around so we didn&#699;t want him to slip and fall on the edge. We put the guard on the edge and it stays even though it gets wet every day as we shower. I used the table corners for the corners of low window sills that are in his play area and it works well to protect him from falling on them and doubles as a teether. lol He loves chewing on it! It&#699;s a very soft, spongy material. Hopefully there&#699;s no BPA in it because it&#699;s constantly in my son&#699;s mouth!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The Avent brand of bottles is an outstanding product.  For those experiencing leaks, it is simply because the bottles are an interlocking system and must be screwed on properly.  I have had no problems using these bottles, and yes I have experienced an occasional leak which I notice while I'm shaking the bottle because I have not screwed the cap on properly.  These are well worth the price paid.  I have tried both Dr. Brown's and Playtex VentAire and find the Avent products to be superior to both of these.  Highly recommended by this mom!Update March 06:  one more great feature about the Avent bottles -- they sell a sippy cap that can replace the nipple, so your investment goes into toddlerhood with no need to buy additional sippy cups!  They are leakproof, and come in a 2 pack just as the replacement nipples do.  I have found them in Toys R Us, since my local Babies R Us does not carry them.  Still a great product in my book!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My 6 month old LOVES this toy!I was thrilled when he went for it immediately in his playpen and was tap, tap, tapping the buttons - he knew the music should come from this tapping, but I had turned it off!  I do think the on-off switch is a blessing for the parents.  But the music is really pleasant, unlike so many toys.Of course the music is electronic, and I think that would be my only complaint.  I'm a very amateur violinist and would like the violin button to truly sound like strings but instead it's very electronic.However, the piano and French horn are quite good facsimiles.Research tells us that early introduction of classical music to children aids in their developing cognitive abilities.  This is a great way to make music fun for kids and I think all would enjoy this toy."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Here's what I like about this product: it's easy to change, and it provides a leak-proof barrier between the baby and the mattress. Here's what I don't like: the snaps are not a great fit for my crib and sometimes come undone; one snap stopped working altogether; and the sheet wrinkles and is difficult to smooth out.All in all, the good outweighs the bad. The sheet is particularly handy for newborns who might leak during the night, requiring sheet changes when you're half asleep. I only use it now when I know he is prone to leaking, such as when he is between diaper sizes. Otherwise, I use regular sheets. Put it on your registry."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love these breastmilk storage containers.  They make it so easy to collect the milk, cap it, and store it.  When I need the milk, I just take them out of the freezer, heat it in the bottle heater, put on a nipple and go.  They are great.  Perfect size for my baby who still only drinks about 3-4 ounces per sitting.  I will definitely continue to use these after she outgrows them for milk as baby food containers.  They are great."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are the widest bottles that I have seen available.  They are well made and easy to assemble.  I sterilise mine every day and there has been no fading of level markers (a problem with another make I tried.) or discolouration of bottles.  They come with a whole range of accessories like handles and sippy cup teats for older babies and so will go from Day 1 right through to when you no longer need sippy cups.  The best thing for me is the fact that you can get specially designed teats that allow for thicker liquids (my son had rice in his milk at 8 weeks (with Doctors approval) because he is so big (90th Percentile) and was so very hungry.  The Adjustable Flow teat has a slot cut instead of a hole and so the flow depends on the way the teat is lined up with the babies nose.  What a fantastic idea and such a godsend for us.  They also hook up directly to an avent breast pump either the manual or electric."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This a necessary item. I hated to have to cover my coffee table and have my house look baby proof(I even avoided it for a while) but after two big bumps i bought this item.Its easy to install and I like that I could cut it to the size i needed. It came with the corners which is great. The tape it uses is perfect because it really stays put. My baby has tried to pull at it and it doesn't come off.This color is light enough that doesn't call too much attention in my living room."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this diaper pail...you can use any trash bags...I like the variety that are colored and scented for a nice touch! It's so easy to use. I didn't have any problems with odors til my daughter got older than 12 months. Once she started eating more \"real\" foods, her diapers became much smellier. She's now 19 months and the Champ is still a Champ. We empty it a little more frequently now than we used to because of her smellier diapers, but I think it's a great product!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I used this table edge and corner guard to edge a window in my son's playroom. The window was level with the daybed he often played on, and I had visions of him cracking his head. I lined the edges of the windowsill. This works well. My son is a pretty good listener, and I kept telling him not to touch or pull the foam off, it was there for a reason, and it is still there two months later. It will come off very easily if pulled, just a forewarning. But I like this product and would use it again."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This was the second potty we bought for our son, who is almost 3.  In one word - horrible.  I had a lot of hope that, with all the excellent reviews, we'd find success with this one.  The basic issue is the splash guard, which really doesn't work at all.  Pee still goes everywhere.  I'd love to find one of the old-fashioned potties with the high cupped splash guard - but that's nearly impossible.  If I had known that this potty would be no better than others I've tried, I would have saved my money."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I considered this when it was full price, 50 bucks.  When I saw it for 25, I just had to get it.  I took it back the next day because the latches that keep the buttons away from Baby broke and the buttons wouldn't work.This second try has been better.  I found it for 12.50 and decided that it would make a gift for someone else if it didn't work for me (man, I can be cruel :)  This time, it seems to work pretty well.  All the buttons work.I did have a little trouble with the light because when the light is on, the button is pressed in.  I have fingernails, so the button can be a bit tricky until you get the hang of it.I am glad I decided to try this product again, but I wouldn't have paid the 50 bucks for it.  If you can't find it on sale, get a regular CD player: they plug in and are cheaper."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I ordered this for our 4 month old son and when it arrived I opened it up myself and didnt read the directions at first I got frustrated since I couldnt get it together then read them and voila it took me and a freind about 3 minutes to set it up! Our son is past the stage where he will stay put in a floor bouncy chair so he loves the freedom of lying in this stretching out,and kicking. We loved it so much we ordered one for my mother in law so she can have in her house when he comes to visit. He also takes naps in it, we are hoping to travel with a smaller version of this pack and play soon...will let you know how that works out."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had this pump with my first child back in 2003 and I worked great for when I was at work but it was messy. The milk always seemed to leak out underneath the plastic insert, so I took that out and it helped a little bit. I also had probably with the pump maybe working a little TOO WELL and would stimulate my \"let down\" and so it was a panic to keep myself from wetting my shirt on the other breast I wasn't pumping, while I kept pumping and answered phones! I was a night receptionist so I just pumped away while working.I like that it comes with a bag that is nice and stylish. I saved this and I will use it with my next baby due in Sept. 2009."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought a bunch of these bottles because many people have recommended them to me.  My son HATES them.. the nipples are too hard for him and it takes him forever to get anything from them..  He wears himself out sucking on them.  I finally switched to the gerber comfort hold bottles which he loves.  They are similar but have softer nipples.  My son is no longer cranky from not getting enough formula. I know alot of people love them, but my son doesnt.  I never had a problem with leaks however as some people said."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Our bed rooms are upstairs and I needed to have a second warmer and one which had a cooler.This is the best buy for the same reason.I simply love it and couldnt live without it.I have used it every single day so far .My son is now 5months and it works great I never timed how much time the bottle is in the warmer not I measured the water. I used to do it when I intially bought it but with a screaming infant in hands during night I stopped bothering about the measurements . even with such a rough use it still works great .never had a little problem with itBut I do make sure that I clean it throughly every week.The cooler part is awesome,saved me trips downstairs in the middle of the night.Being a working mom I am all about making things easy for me.This is what I recommend highly"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!  I used to work in a daycare and we had a diaper genie.  It was such a pain to use.  We all hated it.  The diaper champ couldn't be easier to use.  And the biggest plus is that you don't have to buy any expensive refills.  It takes regular trash bags.  I generally put kitchen size bags in it, but you can use just about any size if you are in a pinch.  And it does an excellent job of keeping the odor contained, which the diaper genie never did!  If you are looking for a user-friendly diaper pail that actually does keep the odor contained, than the diaper champ is the one for you!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I'm very satisfied with this affordable blow up tub.  The bottom part under the baby's butt blows up separately than the sides, which is nice because my 6 month old was unstable sitting on the blown up bottom at first.  She loves the ability to play in the water in here, I just have a hard time keeping her sitting in the tub, she keeps wanting to stand up and climb the bathtub walls. I think that's more an issue with my very active daughter than the tub though :)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this for my 4-month old son. He is very fussy baby but when I played the music on this cube, he loved it. The best sounds he liked were the flute, piano and the Orchestra. The Best thing about this Music cube is that you can play one instrument at a time and then the final orchestra one to kind of show the music-mix.I believe it will help develop my baby's musical skills.Cons: The battery didn't last long. We used it for 30 days, for about 10 min each day and the battery died down!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When used with the slow flow nipple and the breast pump adapter kit this is the closest to breastfeeding as you can get.I bought the breast pump adapter kit and now i pump in these bags and never have to use a bottle holder at all.no more milk transfer from bottle to bottle, and no more air at all.  you can squeeze all the air out of these liners.take a look at the images to see step by step how i connect this to my pump kit and using the adapter rings and caps store, and feed without the need for the nurser bottle to mimic as close to mommy breastfeeding as possible.  For medical reasons my baby could not latch and this allowed me to bond with my daughter and have gas free feedings and be literally as close to breast as possible.  Check out the images - you will see for yourself this amazing way to nurse your baby."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I loved this tracker so much, I bought several more and used for the entire first year. It's a great way to see a new infants progression toward feeding and sleeping schedules. In the sleep deprived first weeks it was so helpful in keeping track of diaper count, feeding sides,  etc. Once we introduced solid foods, I could track when I offered new foods to watch for signs of intolerance.  I just purchased again for new baby's arrival. I highly recommend for new or seasoned moms."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I really like this pump.  Works great sort of a pain to clean but easier than having to clean tubing on an electric.  The bottles however are junk.  After one use they leaked from under the plastic disk.  EVERY bottle I have leaks.  In order to stop it is a pain.  I pull up on the nipple and roll it around clockwise to make sure it's in there right, then I use a rubber gripper and tighten the crap out of it so it won't leak.  What a PAIN!  I sold my lot on ebay and replaced them w/ the Playtex vent air.  I did save one bottle so I could pump into it though."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This pump is decent but wasn't enough for me. I am home with the baby so I didn't think I needed one of the larger double pumps since I am not working. However, I needed to pump to improve my supply in the begining and also while I was healing from a cracked nipple and the single pump just didn't cut it. I ended up purchasing the Medela Pump-in-Style and it works much better. Now I use the double pump to fill an evening bottle for my husband to feed to the baby. It would take twice as long with the single pump. I REALLY hate pumping so it is worth everything to get it done in half the time! I think this pump is only worth it if you will rarely need to pump or to use for just a few minutes before feeding the baby to relieve engorgement."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got this from a friend whose son had outgrown it. It has been wonderful. We use it both indoors and out. Outdoors it's good for keeping and busy infant or toddler in one place so you can do yard work or relax without having to chase them around. It is especially handy in the backyard since we have a pool. I just put a few toys inside it with my son and he's happy for a while. We don't have a playpen so we use this inside as well when we need to make sure he stays out of harms way for a few minutes. We even use it for the dog when she sleeps inside at night because otherwise she chews on everything in the house while we're sleeping. It folds easily and stores great under the bed."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These bottles are useful for storing milk....they are sturdy and fit in bottle warmers nicely.  My baby hates them for feeding, however.  I now just use these for storage and then pour the warmed milk into Playtex Nurser bottles.  I bought the Medela system when I was pregnant b/c I wanted what was best for my baby...and I was led to believe that Medela nipples would be most like the breast.  Um, no.  Take one look at them and it's pretty clear.  My baby wouldn't even take it in her mouth.  She instantly responded to the Playtex nipples, however.  Much, much better!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The Playtex system works well with my Medela breast pump - you will need to buy these liners, plus a set ofPlaytex Drop-Ins System Breast Milk Storage KitPlaytex storage rings (which these liners drop into). That kit comes with an adapter that fits on a Medela pump. The whole system is convenient and easy to move from frozen storage to feeding simply by dropping these liners into a bottle, and you can buy either latex or silicone tips for your bottles. The thin plastic allows the milk to heat up easily by submerging in warm water before feeding. Overall, very convenient and in almost 7 months of pumping, I never had a leak! Also, BPA free which is great!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My sister-in-law told us not to register for this because she couldn't get it to work.  Well, I wanted it and I registered for it anyway.  We got it and I decided to give it a try just to make sure it worked.  I used it the next time my friend came over with her newborn and it worked great.  Just add a little water, throw in the bottle, and in minutes it was perfect.  My only suggestions would be to add an on/off switch and a timer.  But other than that, it's another great product by Avent."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have these locks installed on our cabinets in our home. I've tried other brands without success.. my kids always figure a way to get in. With this system, they can try all they want but they cannot get in. Sometimes the doors require pressing to open, but after I figured it out.. I never have an issue opening the doors. This will be the system of choice in any additional homes we buy later on... I don't think I'd ever want to change after having such a positive experience. I would definitely recommend this to a friend or family member, without hesitation!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I ordered this as a spare for my original Co-Sleeper. There really aren't a ton of places you can buy these, so I wasn't too concerned about the price. All told, Baby Bungalow did offer it for the best price, including shipping.While the sheet is a perfect fit, I was perplexed by the 'button' holes on the under side of each corner. Can't imagine what those are for. That or my Co-Sleeper is on the older side and there have been design changes since.Overall, quality product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I fancy myself a &#34;stylish&#34; mom; expensive nursery set, shopping at Restoration Hardware and Pottery Barn Baby. We got the black and grey pack 'n' play that goes well with our home decor, then my parents picked up this pack 'n' play for their home. Our daughter hated the pack 'n' play we had and loved theirs so we ended up getting one too. She loves the colors, and playing with the items on the sides. I love it because it is a square and much larger than the plain one we had. We HIGHLY recommend."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I registered for this stool when pregnant, thinking it would be a nice position-helper while breast feeding, and it is, with one drawback: it tips easily if you put any weight on the edges (top edge or either side). So far, this hasn't been a huge problem, except for making a loud THUMP every time I do it, which sometimes startles the baby. I would just suggest that you avoid ever using it as an actual stool and never step or stand on it, and keep any little kiddos away from it too.Other than the potentially dangerous tipping thing, it is a nice wood piece and went together very easily. As stated before, I would not use it in place of a safer flat stool, but it would be absolutely great under a desk to prop up your feet while working."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I highly recommend this product whether you are breast or bottle feeding (or sippie cup for that matter). I did not originally register for this item because I didn't think it was necessary, especially since we have a dishwasher. This is a great tool to get all those baby/toddler items germ free. I mainly use mine for sterilizing my breast pump supplies, bottles, and pacifiers. 4 minutes in the microwave and its done. Its not necessary to sterilize all baby products but when something really needs to be, it sure beats having to run the dishwasher. There are just the 3 of us so we only need to run the dishwasher about twice a week. I find that I sterilize more often just because it is so easy to use this product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have a 3 1/2 year old and a 1 1/2 year old and have had my fare share of sippy cups to use clean sometimes throw many away. I use to think that using the soft sippy cups  was a great transition from bottles..NOT!! these are the best they are easy to clean they dont leak everywhere and they hold the perfect amount of liquid. I have found that children with teeth chew on the soft tip and it is no longer leek proof which makes night time a big pain, anyways these are awsome and i defiantly recommend them. I got the purple and pink one since they very but i didnt mind its not like having a pink sippy cup makes my son gay or anything so people are so silly"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great product.  They do what they are supposed to do, at least on my desk.  My desktop/corners consist of a wood laminate, with a very smooth surface, so these things stick very well.  However, I have not attempted to take them off yet, and i'm sure a little 'Goo-Gone' or rubbing alcohol will do the trick when the time comes.  I will be dissapointed if they harm some of the finish, but then again you can't put a price on protecting your precious child from severe injury, which can easily occur when their head hits a table or desk corner!  For this 'peace of mind', I give this product 5 stars.  One more thing... there is NO substitute for proper and constant child supervision."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I didn't think a stool could really make it more comfortable to nurse, but I was wrong!  I used this with an old rocking chair and found that my legs were much more comfortable when propped up - especially during those long nights of rocking!  The stool is well-built and comes ready to use in the box.  The natural wood color is attractive and goes with nearly any decor (just so happens that my crib and baby armoire are also natural wood color).  I imagine this would be a great stool to use if you were nursing on a chair or couch that was stationary as well."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I thought this would be a great idea. So when we found out we were having twins i ran out and bought 2 of them. We started to put the nurserys together and when it came time to put these on they wouldnt fit. I didnt want to stratch the crib rails up so we took them back. When we did try to play a cd in them it skipped. We ended up just buying small cd/radio players for each of their room because this is something they can both use for a long time."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The Summer Infant Ultimate Crib Sheet is a very useful product.  It protects the sheet, eliminating the need to change the crib sheet if there is diaper leakage or spitting up.  It goes on and off in seconds - so helpful to a Mom, especially in the middle of the night. It is large enough to cover the whole crib surface.  It seems to be waterproof and yet doesn't make the baby sweaty.My only concern would be that since it attaches to the crib rails, there is an outside chance a baby could loosen/undo a strap.I think it would be handy to have two of these to rotate them out.  I like it and would recommend it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We started off sterilizing using the old-fashioned, boiling water in a pot...what a mess and waste of time! Standing over the boiling pot and risking steam burns ran out of fun very quickly. After I got over the sticker shock for the sterilizer and got it home, I couldn't see how we survived before! It's quick, easy and efficient. New moms have enough to mess with, don't spend you few, precious moments each day waiting for a pot of water to boil, splurge on this item and you won't regret it!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I used this for a short time. It was more of a pain for us.I hated that you had to keep on top of it or you would never know how long it was in there. A timer would have been nice (and cheap enough to add).I hated how I had to unplug it and plug it in every time I wanted to use it.Yes, it may be the best there is out there, but that doesn't mean too much. It still has many flaws.Now I love Avent items but this one they dropped the ball on. There is so much they could have done with this that they didn't. Oh well."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have used several other gates to block off the stairs in our home and have been frustrated with them all. My husband and I wish that we had ordered this gate a year ago! It was easy and quick for my handy husband to install at the base of the stairs. The gait opens easily with one hand (the trick is to pull the latch and then LIFT the gate just a bit, which we didn't know to do and initially caused us to think the gate was defective until reading the directions. This feature is nice as our toddler can pull at the latch but can't lift the gate to open it by herself). The gate is also fairly wide, allowing us to pass through it easily, even when carrying things. The gate automatically swings shut, which is convenient, but will also stay open if opened to 90 degrees. Would highly, highly recommend this gate!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I am one of those without a dishwasher, unfortunately.  I use this sterilizer a few times a day for my baby's bottles and parts.  I don't use Avent bottles - works fine with other bottles.  I have to agree about making sure it's shut/snapped properly.  You have to make sure it's just right before you snap -- otherwise, you will break a nail or two.  Also exercise caution when taking it out of the microwave.  I always use an oven mitt to take it out and when opening the lid to avoid steam burns."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "In my opinion the Avent bottle system is superior to any other product on the market. The disposable system works great for storing and freezing milk and it's convenient for Mom's on the go. My only mistake was not buying enough bottles in the beginning when my son ate eight times a day. The bottles are designed to reduce gas, and seem to do the job. The one slight annoyance with the system, you have to place the ring on the lids directly on top of the nipples; otherwise the bottle has a tendency to leak.F.Y.I. - I purchased the adjustable flow nipples when my son turned three months old as recommended, but nowhere in the product information does it tell you that you are supposed to line-up the Roman numerals of the nipples directly in line with your baby's nose to adjust the flow. This makes sense of course, but I had to call the 1-800 number to discover this 'little' detail."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I couldn't breasfeed my daughter so she have been a formula fed since she was born... So, for me this was a most have because I have to warm up my daughter's formula all the time. The problem with this warmer is that you can't let it finish, because if you do it the formula will be normally TOO HOT!!...The solution: If you buy concentrate formula, just warm here the concentrate formula and after it's hot you could add the water...In this way is going to have the perfect temperature for your baby to eat...But if you use powder or ready to use you have to count the minutes and take out the bottle before it's done."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have twins so when purchasing products, it was all about investing money in things that would make our lives simpler.  These Drop-Ins work really well for the bottles. The bag collapses as they consume the contents, which supposedly improves problems with gas but I'm not sure this system accomplishes it better than any others. Because the bag is thin, it also takes a lot less time to warm bottles if that is a consideration. The real savings is the manpower and time necessary for cleaning. I only have 4 bottles per baby, replace the liner and nipple when necessary, and wash everything once a day.  These don't come cheap so I don't think there is any cost savings associated with this versus buying a boat load of bottles."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My little guy is very active and loves to get into trouble. We only have a couple items plugged into an outlet that isn't covered by furniture so I purchased these to make sure he couldn't pull the plug out of the wall and get shocked. They are wonderful and I feel much safer letting my little guy explore the house. Even though I am never too far away our let him out of sight he still manages to get into things. He is so fast and just a little distraction could be fatal. But I don't have to worry about the plugs anymore! One less worry and just the little bit of stress relief that makes this purchase very easy for me to recommend it to all parents."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The Diaper Champ came easy to assemble- only took 2 minutes to put together!  The design is simple, yet brilliant, and the odors are sealed inside the Diaper Champ until the bag needs to be changed.  Our baby's room never smells!  We didn't even think about buying the Diaper Genie because we thought the idea of buying special bags and odor discs was ridiculous.  We normally use standard tall kitchen trash bags, but if you're into reusing plastic shopping bags you can even use them in the Diaper Champ (although you'd need to change the bag everyday...BUY IT!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It's been 5 months aleady and we've had no troubles at all.  It leaked the first time we used it because I didn't snap the locks into place all the way. My boys are quite big for their age, and they love to kick their legs and splash around. There is plenty of room for that.  In the beginning I put the tub on my bathroom counter, but when they started splashing water all over the place, I put this tub in our regular bath. I don't use the sling anymore, but it wasn't a problem when we did."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought two potties before I realized that my boy had a big bottom and most other potties have really small opening and no pee guard in the front.  I broke down and bought this.  This doesn't have the bells and whistles like some other potty.  But it's beauty is its simplicity.  he is able to sit and do his business, carry the urine/poop container to the toilet and rinse it all by himself (he was not even 2 yet!).  I would highly recommed the potty training book \"Potty training in less than a day\".  it's out of print but you might find an used copy on [...]."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are designed to cover plugs you leave plugged in, such as lamps or alarm clocks, so keep kids from pulling on the plugs/cords and damaging them or injuring themselves.  And that's exactly what they do.  We use several in our home and have had no problems.  They're also very easy to install with a simple screwdriver.Many of the negative reviews here complain either it is too hard to open (which is completely the point) or that it only holds \"small\" (aka standard) plugs, which should be obvious from the description and picture, so they're not really being fair."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this based on good reviews in the Baby Bargains book, so I had high expectations. It does make it somewhat easier to change sheets in the middle of the night, but you still have to unsnap it from about 10 places on the crib to do so; I've also found the snaps a little difficult to engage. If you're not using crib bumpers, the look of all the elastic pieces on the crib slats isn't too attractive. I'm glad to have one of these, but it isn't the miracle sheet I hoped for."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These bottles are great but are very pricey.  I have a 2 month old and I was producing more more milk than he was drinking allowing me to store some in the freezer.  I was hesitant to use the bags because I was afraid they would leak so I found myself wanting to buy more bottles, but for $18.99 for 6, I needed to find another alternative.  I did some research and found bottles made my Mother's Milkmate (mothersmilkmate.com or on ebay) These bottles are compatible with the Madela breast pump and nipple rings.  The refrigerator storage system is great too, you have to check out the website to understand what I mean.  If you love these bottles, you've love the milkmate ones as well.Hope this helps and saves you money!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have the larger, double Pump In Style but I wanted to leave that at work and still have something at home.  I used this to pump in the morning before going to work or if I was unusually full.  It's small and light and perfect for travel.  I'm now onto baby #2 and use this occasionally since I'm now home full time, but this works so well when I need it.  It's efficient and has lasted through 2 babies - Medela is a really great brand!  I wouldn't recommend this if you're pumping often from both sides - get a double pump, but it was a perfect supplemental pump for me."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "i do like this product but i dont think it was worth 15 dollars. if it was under 10 bucks i may have given it 5 stars. it seems a bit cheaply made. however, it does hang on the side of my changing table nicely and keeps all the little items together. i have a regular wipe container sitting on the top and it fits well. the smaller sized diapers dont fit too well because they just slide around in the little compartment and often more than one diaper pops out when you just need one, but i suppose it was made this way so you can use larger diapers as your baby gets older."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had an electric steraliser (which died) before buying this one.  I wish I had had this steraliser all along.  It's so easy to load up, everything fits snuggly and has it's place (I had trouble with bottles falling over in my electric steraliser), and extremely easy to wash and keep clean (the electric steraliser was a pain to clean - especially the element).As we use Avent bottles - 4 fit perfectly and are steralised in 8 minutes (our microwave isn't very powerful).  From the instructions it looks like other bottles fit easily as well.I use this daily and haven't had a problem with it - easy to use, easy to secure the lid and I use it for my bottles and dummies.Recommended if you are using bottles and especially the Avent brand."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have had this pack n' play for a few weeks now and my son seems to enjoy it.  We use it for quick corralling, not prolonged play time.  He likes the toys on the sides, and I like that it is larger than most of the play yards I've seen, granting that my experience is limited.-It goes up and down VERY easily and quickly.-It is not very heavy for the size and sturdiness.  My parents have a Cosco playyard that they borrowed from a friend for when we visit.  Theirs is about half the size and seems almost as heavy.-The square shape on the TotBloc is nice, too because he can move around a bit in there and actually get somewhere instead of just rolling over once and hitting the end.-There is no listed weight limit on this, only a height limit.  That was a major deciding factor for my big boy!Overall I think it's a great product for the price."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Love this book! Just finished our first one and am starting a second one.  It makes life much easier knowing my child's meal and nap times. Much easier to plan you day around baby when you can start predicting what their schedule will be for the day. Excellent for communication for when you don't have your child. Even when I'm at work, that night I know exactly how my childs day has gone just by looking at his book. Plus it makes it easier on the caregiver to learn childs patterns as well. I recommend this to all new moms! Especially during those first few weeks/months when growth spurts are common and you can't remember anything because you haven't slept much!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased this diaper pail after struggling for several months with the Diaper Genie.  The Diaper Champ was hands down the best diaper pail I used while my child was in diapers (I used three: Diaper Genie, Easy Saver Diaper Pail, and the Diaper Champ).  I didn't have to spend loads of money on the special Diaper Genie bags anymore, it had far superior odor control as compared to the Easy Saver Diaper Pail, and it's really easy to use - drop a diaper in, flip the handle over, done!  I actually developed pain in my elbow from all the twisting the Diaper Genie required as it wrapped each diaper into its little sausage-like casing.  I passed this diaper pail on to a friend once I was finished with it, and will happily purchase it for other friends in the future."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this pail before my son was born. First we bought the Safety 1st Odor-less pail, but it was broken, and the store was out of stock when we returned it. I read the reviews and found this one sounded the best.I love that it is so easy to use. My husband didn't even want a diaper pail because he didn't expect them to hold in any odors at all. Now that we have this one, he loves it. It's so easy to flip the lid and away goes the diaper. No twisting till your wrist breaks. At first we were using scented trashbags, but I've switched to grocery bags and they work just as well. I change the bag about once a week with either kind of bags. My son is now three months old and wears size 3 diapers. The only problem we've had is that if you don't close the diaper tapes they can stick and jam the pail. All in all it's been a great buy."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I think a lot of kids these days have this toy. It's quite popular. All my friends with babies have it.It's a toy providing light entertainment.I'm a trained musician and I disagree with some reviews saying that the quality of the sound is poor. Trust me, for a toy it's totally fine. You can still tell the instruments apart. You can't expect your baby to become a little Mozart just by listening to this cube 5 minutes a day anyway.Everything seems to function well. It's safe. I'm not scared to turn away for 30 seconds. I know that there are no sharp edges and my baby won't hurt herself.I'm not sure this toy carries a lot of educational / developmental value but it's nice."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have 2 of these for my twins. Having gone through the search of a good one with my first child, I found this and bought 2. It's simple to clean, you take out the wipe potty part by hooking some fingers to the front and dump the contents into the toilet. Rinse it and you're ready to go. You can sanitize it with some clorox spray and just put it back down until the next time.  It's portable so you can have it anywhere. There is an anti slip rubber on the bottom so no worries about pottying children ending up somewhere else than where you left them.My twins are now potty trained, but I still keep one in the back of the van for emergencies. You never know if you'll make it to the next toilet, you know?"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I understand that boys need a splash guard, but there's little chance that this bright-pink potty will be purchased for a boy.  And at least our little girl finds the splash guard uncomfortable, because she has to straddle it.  She has difficulty sitting down with her legs apart and often pulls the bucket out and turns it around to sit more comfortably.  I wish that baby bjorn made an insert for girls, but they don't.  Other than that (or if your girl doesn't mind this issue), it's a great potty.  It's the right size, the right distance off the ground for a two-year-old, and the back is high enough to be supportive."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great potty.  The biggest issue to me was cleaning.  This chair has no seems or corners to trap things.  The inner liner lifts off and is easy to wipe clean with a disinfectant cloth.  The boy shield is not too high and is rounded nicely so they won't hurt themselves while getting on.  The base is very solid and sturdy and doesn't move at all.  It also looks comfortable with the arm rests.  My son isn't potty trained yet but we purchased it so he could get used to sitting in it.  He seems very happy and will even sit in it to read a book.  Does what it should and doesn't distract from what they are supposed to be doing with alot of toys and noise."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Overall this is a nice little training potty.  Simple design, high back for comfort and easy to clean.  My son seems to like it just fine but I wish it had a taller splash guard.  My son is 20months old, 3+ ft tall and weighs a little over 30lbs.  He fits on this potty just fine but he ALWAYS tinkles over the splash guard so I have to aim his weewee down for him.  I would not let my son use this by himself at this point (we've only just started potty training) because odds are I will end up with tinkle all over the floor."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this changing table at a used baby store because I recieved the crib as a hand me down. Even being used this changing table is great. There are no problems. It's very sturdy and durable for the price. I have the shelves loaded up with alot of things and no problems at all. The shelves are made of a type of posterboard wood but they are sturdy. The pad that came with it is very thin and cheap so I purchased a better one. But this changing table is definitely worth the moderate price."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We also wanted the diaper champ instead of the Genie because...who wants to buy special bags??  It is a life saver to just throw in a kitchen garbage bag.  We ended up receiving ours as a hand-me-down, and I was worried that it would smell.  Surprisingly enough - it only starts to smell when it's time to change the bag. And sure enough, the lid would start \"sticking\" right about that time, which told me that the bag was full and it was time to change it (instead of struggling to stuff another couple diapers in).  Since we are new parents, we'd sometimes make a mess trying to toss a dirty diaper in, but it's SO easy to clean.  Just keep some Lysol wipes by the changing table, and wipe it down if you get anything anywhere. Piece of cake."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My wife purchased these from another store for more than twice the price so I decided to bring down the cost average after we found out that they do not leak. There is a small rubber piece that fits in the spout to control the speed that the liquid comes out. After your child gets old enough you can eliminate the rubber piece. I think these are great to use as soon as you stop using bottles. After you stop using, the rubber flow control piece you can use them until your child grows out of sippy cups or you lose them. Great choice. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I'm shocked by all of the other reviews on this particular product.  Many complain that it's too small for their sink...hello!!!  It wasn't made for a SINK.  Anyway,...I love this tub.  I wouldn't want any other one.  It was the most convenient when my son needed to be on the sling =perfect=, and now that he's sitting up,... it's even more convenient.  Please ignore the negative reviews and I highly consider buying this product.  It may be the only tub you will buy in you child' early stages."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this play yard to put my 8 month old in when I need to keep her contained and safe while I am cooking. It is perfect. The size is ideal as she is able to roll and move around it and play with her toys but does not take up all of the room in our small living area. The pad seems comfy and she will be able to nap in it. The toys on the sides are great, she loves to play with the butterfly. I am very happy with this product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The instructions that came with this are terrible. The diagrams are really tiny and have no labels. The written instructions for Step 1 say \"see the diagram\" and do not elaborate, making the instructions worthless. The 3M sticky tape is REALLY sticky. Do not expect to get it off your furniture or to reuse these edge guards - the tape will cling to your furniture and to the guards, destroying both.In the end I was unable to install my guards properly - they attached to the furniture crookedly and then I couldn't un-stick them in order to make it right. The guards are nice, thick foam, but that doesn't matter if the installation goes miserably.You can see my photos of the final results I got in the Customer Image Gallery."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This fits our crib mattress tightly and keeps our baby from sweating against the vinyl of the crib mattress.  We didn't have a mattress pad with our son and he would wake up soaking wet from sweating against the vinyl of the crib mattress.  The crib sheet alone wasn't enough to keep him from sweating.  This pad is also not too bulky so it doesn't cause a safety concern.  Just make sure the pad fits TIGHTLY on YOUR crib mattress for safety's sake.  We have a Sealy Crown Jewel Mattress and it fits great on it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I rated this 3 stars because while it has many good parts, I was highly disappointed to \"realize\" when my baby was 4 months old that this set does *not* include any medium flow nipples. We used the slow flow for several months, so those were useful, but the Fast flow were way too fast and we needed something in-between.  Low & behold I walk down the aisle in Target looking for an entirely new bottle system and I see medium nipples that work perfectly for my daughter.  For trying to offer a variety of nipple options, Playtex missed the mark in omitting the medium flow nipple."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love the drop in system bc although you have to buy liners, it's easy, sanitary and really helps reduce air intake. My only issue is when I put the liner in and use the bottle to measure- it's slightly off so I have to pull the liner out and check the (example) 6oz mark and I am using the bottles that are made for expandable liners so something is off and I like to be as precise as possible... It's  not that big a deal but I wish the bottle lines and liner matched perfectly."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "First, these really do protect bedding against leaks and spills. Get the bed sized ones as an under layer (which adds cushioning from the plasticky mattresses that are made today), layer on the pretty sheets, then use a smaller pad under the diaper area. This protects the sheets but the very bottom pad protects your mattress in case a true accident occurs. I must admit that after washing, these pads did pill but this did not deteriorate their effectiveness. I'd go to Target for the softer, thinner, prettier, and just as effective smaller size. It's the difference between wearing a hospital pad versus a brand name pad. Both work just as well but one is more confortable on the go."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It does it's job.  It does warm bottles quickly and the variable temperature is a great feature, but I, as well as everyone else I know who own one, have overflowed this model repeatedly.  Who needs another thing to clean up when you have a little one around?  There are warmers that have specific compartments for warming jars of baby food, this one doesn't work well for jars, but then again, my son doesn't really like his food warmed up.  It's an O.K. model to have."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We initially bought this sterilizer for use with our first child born in 2005. I loved it then, but I'm even more impressed with some updated details in the version we just bought for our second child. Before, putting on and removing the lid used to be a bit awkward. Now, easy-to-use latches have made doing both completely hassle-free. The inner steam tray also has more slots and spots that make arranging items easier. The older version was very similar but did not have specialized \"compartments\" to such an extent. All in all, it remains an extremely easy product to use because if I had to sit there sterilizing by boiling water and whatnot, it surely would not get done. That the sterilizer comes with bottles is pure bonus. I'd buy the steamer alone."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I recieved a similar model to this walker, one without the electronic tray, for my daughter.  My only complaint is the rear wheels are difficult to roll.  Unlike the front wheels, the rear wheels are fixed and therefore can only roll straight forward or backward, not side to side.  This sometimes made for difficult maneuvering for my daughter. Overall, it is not a bad walker and I do plan on using it for my next baby due in January only because I do not want to purchase another one.  I would not recommend it though.  There are better walkers out there."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We recieved these bottles as a gift for our son (now 16 months)and expected greatness from Avent. When I opened the first package I was amazed at how stiff the nipples were that are included with these bottles. Stiffness is hardly a correct simulation of the breast. The bottles are also very wide and hard for little hands to grip when they begin to hold their own bottles. I also saw no indication that my son got any less air from using the Avent system. I MUCH prefer the softer, easier to hold, less air producing Playtex Nursers which is what we ended up switching him to."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This item is not top quality.  I don't have too many of this company's other products, so if this is an example of their quality than I don't think I will.  First off the cover does not open without popping off the hinge and needing to be reattached, the batteries only lasted through two cd's, the volume doesn't get very high, and it doesn't even fit on the side of our crib.  Being in the baby business they should know that not all crib's are made the same.  You are much better off just getting a simple boom box that play's cd's."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "ALL DIAPERS SMELL, no matter what you put them in, especially once your kid starts solid foods. Get over it. This pail is fantastic.  We use it for our dogs' poop bags, and line it with Ruffies scented trash bags (we use vanilla, they also have lavender, and they are cheap). There is no smell, except in the summer when it is hot (and that's only because the pail is outside on the back porch, the one we buy for the nursery will be inside in the air conditioning)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "You can't put poopie diapers in this pail, it doesn't hold the smell back at all.  I use it for the wet diapers and it's fine.  I use the scented bags for the poopie diapers and throw them away in my regular garabage that gets taken out every day.  Opening the pail to empty the bag is a little difficult, but it's better than having to buy special bags for it.  The big blue round part on the side broke off for some reason and it wouldn't go back on.  I ended up using masking tape to hold it on.  It serves it's purpose, but I'm not thrilled with it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We got this set at our shower and haven't needed any other bottles. My son started using them at about four weeks old and quickly outgrew the smaller bottles, but the set includes three larger ones, which is great. The only reason I give it four stars instead of five is that they don't include the medium flow nipples, just fast and slow. My baby was impatient with the slow flow and overwhelmed by the fast, so we had to purchase the medium ones separately. It's also a little irritating to have to keep buying the drop-in inserts, but it does cut down on the dishes."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Lifesaver for this middle of the might diaper leaks! It's always a pain to change a crib sheet in the middle of the night, but this makes it so much easier. I just put it on top of his regular sheet (which is over a waterproof mattress pad). He occasionally has a diaper leak. When he does, I simply unsnap the ultimate crib sheet (there are roughly 10 snaps to keep it in place) and let him sleep the rest of the night on his regular sheet. The snaps can be a little tricky to remove with one hand (say when you're holding a baby), but I generally start unsnapping while he is still in the crib."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are great if you have an infant who learned to stand up in their crib and decided it was time to sharpen their new teeth on the rails (which I think almost every infant is!). in other words these are a must. I have only 1 problem with these (hnce 4 stars). no mater how you try to group them, they do not cover the entire rail on any side of my baby's crib (standard size). At least 2 inches on each side are still left bare for her to chew on. The company should change their length in order to be able to provide complete coverage at elast for standard crib sizes."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I thought this would be a great way to get my bottles clean but you still have to scrub them clean first yourself, THEN prepare this thing to stick in the microwave for x-amt of time, THEN wait for it to cool.... too much to do prior to getting a bottle ready for a fussy baby!&#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;If your baby has an immune promblem, then this may be great for you, otherwise, skip on this and just buy a nice bottle brush.... I like the one by Munchkin.&#60;br /&#62;&#60;br /&#62;BUT if you still decide to get this, check it in the store first, because when I got mine home it was USED- it had obvisiously been returned (someone else thought it was useless too I guess) with milk residue on the bottles- yuck!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I think that I've tried every bag that I have found and have been disappointed with all of them.  These were just about the worst!!  My daughter was born prematurely and never really got the hang of breastfeeding.  I wanted her to recieve all of the benefits of breastmilk so I pumped.  I have pumped everday since the day she was born btwn 5 and 8 times a day.  I went through ALOT of bags (I use bottles now) and these were a pain.  They were small, thin, punctured easily, and those twist ties (although pumping directly into the bag is a great concept) were just a pain in the butt.  I love Medela's pumps (I own the Pump in Style Advanced, a seperate manual pump, and used the Lactina hospital pump for 3 months), I like their storage bottles, I even like their nipple cream, but these bags need some more work put into them."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this tracker when my daughter was 4 weeks old. I was having problems remembering how much she was eating, whether she was sleeping better or not. This helped me keep track of those things and more. I could look back and see if there were any changes in her eating habits - it wasI started using it like a little journal that my daughter can see when she's older. I kept notes about her moods, what she did during the day. It even became a good tool to use with my nanny once I went back to work."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Couldn't find this in stores around my area. But I've used this before and they're great. It's convenient and it minimizes the need for a lot of bottles and best part is they're disposables. I never had problems with this drop-in liners before although I did read another review that there's another liner that can be used with the drop-in nurser bottles, just as good if not more effective, cheaper and more count. Regardless, this has my stamp of approval and I would recommend this for new parents."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love the Diaper Champ!  Everyone I knew had the Diaper Genie but had to buy expensive refills and did not like all the twisting involved.  After reading reviews of the Diaper Champ, I put it on my baby registry and I am glad I did.  It is easy to use, keeps odors contained, and uses regular trash bags (much cheaper than diaper pail refills).It was a little tricky to open the first few times because I wasn't sure how the latch worked.  Also, be sure the tabs on soiled diapers are secured to the diaper or they will get stuck up under the cylinder on the way down."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My friend gave me her pump when she was finished with it, I just boiled all the parts, and then threw them in the dishwasher.  Anyway, the pump is fine for a bottle, I only use it once in the day, but during the pumping time it will lose it's suction or you have to get it on just right before it will really get the milk quantity you want.  It took me about 4 times (4 days) to figure out  how the pump suction needs to be for myself.The other complaint I have with the pump is the parts that screw together to make the pump complete come unscrewed throughout the pump time.  (the bottle, and the other screwed on piece to the pump.)  This is really anoying while you're trying to pump.Overall it's ok, but I think I can find another one."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I think what makes this potty work well for my twins is the high arms.  They like to sit on it and started the day it arrived.  Also, it arrived in one day.  But they fought over the right to sit on it and I was made to buy a second one.  I have them in white and blue.There is something about this potty that makes a little one understand its purpose.  I couldn't believe how comfortable they are for them sitting on it, due to the arms and back and overall design.  I think the price was favorable and feel great about the purchase of these two potty chairs.They're right now in the early stages of learning.  We'll be using these for awhile I expect."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was quite pleased with this for the first 6 months. Now as my son's diet is changing, the odor of his bowl movements can no longer be contained. We always tightly wrap our diapers and I even tried washing it frequently but after about 3 or 4 days the stench comes right back and now I'm at a point where it's just taking too much time and effort to maintain. There is one serious design flaw though - the pail is tapered such that the bottom is noticeably larger than the top (probably for balancing purposes). The problem is if the diaper bag gets too full it makes it really hard to pull out the diapers.Pros:- cheaper than alternatives- worked great the first 6 months- was able to use normal garbage bagsCons:- smells after 6 months- bad tapered design makes it hard to remove diapers"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We bought this potty chair after much research and also owning another one - a Winnie the Pooh Potty chair with a removable urine shield that pops off too easily and just asks to be lost.  This chair is so much better that it doesn't even compare.  Our son has been using it to go to the bathroom (so far just pee pees :) ) for several months and loves it.  In contrast, he is lukewarm about the other chair.The best things about this chair:1)  Simple two piece design means that it is easy to clean.  The bowl lifts out and rinses easily.  Other potties seem to have 5 or more pieces, just asking for places to trap dirt.  Not a good thing with a potty2)  built in urine shield (into the bowl) works great and our son loves sitting on it.  It is a nightly ritual before his bath.3)  inexpensiveDownside?  We haven't found a downside yet."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This warmer costs more than it's worth.  We have to stand there while it's &quot;warming&quot; a bottle until the light turns off and then when we check the bottle it's still cold.  Having to stand hawk eyed over a bottle warmer with a crying, hungry baby isn't fun...especially when it doesn't warm the first time around.  On the other hand, if the bottle stays in a minute too long, the milk gets so hot that we have to set it in cold water.  There has to be something better out there!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These bottles are pretty good.  The nipple is a little large and seems to flow kinda fast for my breastfed baby.  She makes quite a mess while drinking from these.  However, the bottle is nice and durable.  The nipple and caps fit snug.  Also, they work great as breast milk storage containers.  You can take out the nipple and put the insert in the cap for freezer storage.  I like that.  My daughter doesn't get a bottle often, but when she does this in one of the types I use."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I've been using this since the day my baby was born (1 month ago) and it is a life saver!  It is a great way to track when I breastfeed, what breast he ate from, how long, etc.  Plus when pee diapers are changed and poopy diapers.  Our Pediatrician is always asking # of Wets and # of Dirty Diapers per day...so I bring this book to our appts and let her see it all.  I color code each item so its very easy to tell at a glance when he last ate, slept, or pottied.  I plan on ordering 3 more so I have enough to track this entire first year of his life!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This potty is great. As the previous reviewer mentioned, it's one piece so nowhere for the pee to go except inside. I think the only fault is that it's incredibly low to the ground, so although that is great for new learners, once they master the potty training and you just need an extra around the house, it doesn't encourage them to go because it's too short. If you can spend a bit more, the newer model with the inside that comes out ($24.95) is much better in my opinion. HIgher for sure, and actually easier to dump since it has an insert. Make sure never to use bleach in these, though, I ruined the bottom of one of these by letting it sit in a 50% bleach solution, it ate away the smooth bottom."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I measured 8 ounces in a measuring cup, then poured it in the liner, and it was a little below the 8 ounces mark on the liner. I tried it again with a different measuring cup and received the same result. You can not put the liner in the bottle first to fill it up, because the measurements on the bottle do not match up with the measurements on the liners, My husband always has a hard time filling up the liners because it is hard to hold it and add water since they expand. Also, the numbers on the liner are very hard to read."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "After many years of fighting traditional cheap plastic child safety locks (we have a cat that likes to get into things too) and seeing our son still manage to pinch his fingers in doors (better than getting at chemicals or whatever, but still!), our pediatrician recommended these to us.  They were easy to install, and he can't get the doors open at all, so no pinched fingers or getting at something he shouldn't.  They also have a mechanism to keep the lock in the open position, like if you need to get in a cabinet a lot, or the kids are older and you don't need them anymore.  I would however recommend keeping an extra key around in case one gets lost, or locked in a cabinet by accident."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Reality is...you don't have to have this, but it really helps simplify your life if you do.  You don't have to take off the crib bumper and lift the mattress to take off this crib sheet.  Instead, you just unsnap and place a clean one on top of the mattress.  I have a regular crib sheet under the Ultimate Crib Sheet for decorative purposes and in case he needs to be placed on it if my spare is dirty.  I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because it's annoying to have to snap all of the straps prior to washing it and also because there is some shrinking that occurs after it's washed (Make sure you put it on the low setting in your dryer).  Also, they are expensive.  I have two of them and it's worked out just fine."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love these liners. They are a quick and easy way to ensure a sterile container for my milk. I have never had a problem with them leaking except for one time when I was squeezing the air out, squeezed a little too hard and POP!!, breastmilk everywhere. I learned my lesson- squeeze gently, if at all. My only complaints are: 1. They are a bit pricey for plastic bags but the convenience factor makes up for it, imho. 2. The amount markings on the bags are a bit hard to read and don't really line up with the markings on the nurser shells, so the only way I can tell how much my LO has taken is to pour out and measure the leftover milk. Otherwise, this is a great product!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We were using a Bjorn Little Potty (which they don't make anymore) for a long time. But as my son grew, he kept overshooting and it was becoming a problem. At Grandma and Grandpa's house they had the Bjorn Smart Potty, which seemed to work better for him. I figured the Bjorn potties have been working well for us, lets try the top of the line Potty Chair!And its working great, the bowl rinses easily. Sometimes a little pee dribbles over the side, but its easy to rinse the whole chair in the tub. I keep it on a little rug to catch the dribbles and just throw that in the wash as needed. Any potty (with boys using it) is going to have occasional dribbles.And my son was pretty excited when it arrived!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This was our second potty for my daughter as the first one was too difficult for her to sit on. We got it before 18 months and she is very small for her age, the other potty we had was &#34;the shortest on the market&#34; but bc of the design she had trouble. She had loved this potty since day 1 and she likes the little bear logo on the front. The only downfall ivories would be she can grab the basin and easily pull it out but she is pretty good about letting me do it. Like the gray color too."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was going to get the \"spindle\" changing table from POttery Barn Kids but found this one, at about 1/3rd of the price. This one is even better b/c of the rail that goes around the actual changing area.. i do recommend a contoured changing pad with a comfy cover. i have attached a crib mobile to this table to keep katie happy during diaper time. this changing table looks good in her room, i also bought the Jenny Lind crib. i did get the baskets from PBK to store stuff neatly on the shelves. The only complaint that i have is that the shelves are basically hard cardboard, but dont let that discourage you b/c they really are sturdy and as i mentioned i've got baskets on the shelves so you really dont notice."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Haven't had the opportunity to need this yet as we are still utilizing the baby potty seated on the floor as our guy is too little to get on the regular potty yet.  However, wanted to get everything together and ready when we will need it.  This seat is very well made and really like that it is all one piece so there is no need to worry about bacteria collecting around a \"snap on\" deflector (for boys).  Purchased 2 of these, one for myself at my home and one for my daughter and son-in-law at theirs, as they are in the process of potty training our grandson.  It was easy to adjust to fit our regular seats, and I now have it on a hook next to the regular potty when the time comes that we are ready to use it.  I also purchased the stool and potty book...and am ready whenever my kiddies are.  Highly recommend this seat as it very well made."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great product and I highly recommend it.  The best sterilizing option since I don't have enough dishes to bother using the dishwasher more than once every two days.  Even if you just want to clean one pacifier, it uses less water and energy than boiling on the stove and it's quicker too.  It saves my skin from hand washing in scorching hot water  (but I still give things a quick rince in warm soapy water before tossing them in the sterilizer).  It is a lifesaver when pumping and bottle feeding.The only drawback is the space that it takes up - it is about 12 inches in diameter and 6 inhes tall.  But I use mine so much, I just keep it in the microwave when I'm not using it!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It was okay while it lasted but then the mesh started unraveling at the seams. I like the concept of this but in practical use, my 7.5 month old wasn't thrilled about using this. The handle is a bit heavy and I wondered why they couldn't make it a little lighter to hold. My baby ends up holding onto the mesh part of this b/c the handle is too heavy for her. Eating out of this does get really messy but that's going to happen any time babies try to feed themselves. In comparison to the Munchkin Feeder I bought, this is nice in that the handle screw off but the Munchkin feeder is much more durable and the mesh is easier to clean."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have this one and love it. My son typically doesn't like a pack and play or even to be in the crib too long. But, it is great for those days when they are small and you want to be outside at an outing and don't want to have to sit and hold your child all day. When my son was a little baby, we pulled out the mat and hooked up the toy dangler and he was amazed for hours. My son is now 14 months old and we recently took a 3 day vacation and took it along. We set it up in the hotel room and it worked perfectly. It also saved us the money of having to rent a crib at the hotel. He likes all the animals on the sides. Not to mention, what a dream to put up and take down. We have an older model pack and play and it is very hard to get the sides up and down. This one is so easy! Highly recommend."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have used this gate since our oldest started moving around. Now 3 years and another child later it is still functioning great! It still looks and works as well as on day 1.We picked this for the top of our stairs so we could have a \"landing\" at the top. We did not like other gates where you have to balance on the top stair, with a baby in your arms, to open or close the gate.It is easy to open, but not for little ones. My 3.5 year old still cannot open this on his own.I would buy this same gate in a heartbeat."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Needed this item for our brick fireplace and decided to give it a shot despite some saying that the double sided adhesive tape didn't work well.  I assumed we would try it and then rig something else up (velcro, etc) if it didn't work.  It has been one month and the included adhesive tape is working very well.  My 11 month old goes up to it and tries to chew it (for all the chew toys that child has?!) and it stays put no problem.  Time will tell how long it lasts, but I am happy with the density of the edge guard and how well it went on that even if I did have to do some reworking of the adhesive in the future I would still be happy with the quality of the edge guard as well as the safety the product provides."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I based my decision to purchase this pump based on all the reviews it got.  However, it takes me about 20 minutes to pump 4 ounces.. on a good day!! Luckily, I have an awesome boss, who allows me all the time I need to pump.. I average 2-3 ounces every hour and half.. at 20 minutes at a time.. which is rediculous. If I could, I would purchase an electric pump, because as my baby grows, I don't see how I'd be able to catch up to her growing appetite using this pump, and not spend my whole day in the bathroom pumping.  On the plus side.. all the litle extras it came with are great, and the case is discreet and keeps the bottles cold for a few hours."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "i first sat my baby on this when she was about 9 months old, and we've reduced the number of diapers significantly, with very rare #2 diapers, woohoo!!! of course i had to hold the baby, but at 11 months, holding is discouraged. there are occasionaly wiping of the front lip, but it seems much less ickier than cleaning out a typical potty.this fits almost all toilets except some smaller-sized apartment toilets, though i was able to place it on the toilet seat without having the trainer fit properly. (but then if your kid isn't too young, you probably won't need a trainer for a small toilet.) i even take this to other people's homes and have used it successfully everywhere.i'm so relieved that my baby cooperated with early potty training, and this product enabled me to accomplish that."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We got this and the Diaper Decor Plus as gifts and I have to say that the Champ is not my favorite. I like that you can use your own garbage bags with the Champ, but that's the only positive in my opinion. I find it pretty hard to open it without breaking a nail and it does get fill up much more quickly than the Decor. When you're changing the bags on the champ, it can be messy, depending on how long you waited to change the bag, but with the Decor, you just open the front door and knot the bag even if it's full to the brim--so much easier. I also like the Decor because you can dispose of the diaper with your foot, instead of a hand like with the Champ, because now that my son is super squirmy on the changing table, I need of my hands on him!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I used these bottles with my first son and would have given them about 3.5 stars. I would be the first to tell you if they were not fixed just right they would leak. After trying all others once again with my daughter I decided to use these. When I went to buy new nipples I noticed they looked different. Oh, wow, what a diffrence. Baby is 4 months old and no leaks. The new nipples have a raised edge that guarantees the nipple is tight in the collar. Then there is a lip that hugs the rim of the bottle to guard against leaks. The REALLY great thing is you can tighten these bottle to your hearts content. I tightened it as tight as I could and it didn't leak a bit. The new nipples have the words \"Extra Soft\" on the package and if you look closely they look different around the bottom. I am extremely satisfied with these bottles now and will use them untill baby is weaned."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Ehh, I bought this product to avoid my MIL using the microwave to heat bottles. The thing is that it really depends on the amount of milk and size of bottle. The warmer starts right away and creates a lot of steam. What i found is that a cold bottle from fridge would heat up a lot on the outside but a couple shakes and it would still be cold. I didnt find it evenly heated it through.Its still best to just sit it in hot water for a couple mins. :)But we will use this to keep cool bottles in the freezer pack in the back (remember to freeze the ice pack)-Overall, save your money and use the traditional method."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Just got this playpen a few days ago. It is awesome! Set it up without instructions in under 2 minutes, and I'm 6 months pregnant which makes some things a challenge. It's a very nice size and fits a good deal of toys, though if the room is small it does take up a lot of space. Baby loves the bug toys on the sides. She's just learning to sit on her own and I was very pleased to see when she fell back she did not cry - the floor pad is thick and soft so it cushioned her head. I like that because she did fall backwards once in her gym (placed on the carpet) and was very upset. With this I know if she falls back she won't get hurt. It's very colorful and she really seems to enjoy her time in it. Great purchase!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "What I liked:  Contained the smell.  Ease of use.  Takes regular garbage bags (saves money!).  Great capacity (empty it out once in 7 days or so). Sturdy. Easy to clean - I wipe it down with Clorox wipes.What I didn't like: Not especially good-looking and at times the lid gets stuck in a certain position (could just be a problem with mine) hence the four stars.Would buy again though and do recommend it. (I have used the Diaper Genie at a friend's place - didn't like it)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This does fit on an elongated toilet seat, but it slides around. It wouldn't dump my kid in or anything, but the slipping might startle a child. I may see if I can find some sort of anti-slip stickers. I did not bother with the splash guard, I just threw it out. It looked flimsy and unnecessary. My daughter loves the SpongeBob theme. I'm not so fond of the vinyl seat, as my daughter's hiney sticks to it and is a little uncomfortable when she gets up. But, it's cheap enough and serves its purpose - allowing my daughter to sit on the big potty without falling in."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I also almost didn't buy these sheets because of the reviews on this site, but I couldn't find another brand either, so I picked up two of these in navy.The sheets are a bit on the thin side (they are the thinnest sheets we own for him), but since our son has been sleeping in the bassinet in our room since day one, they are the only sheets he's ever slept on. They are okay sheets that are holding up very well, even through numerous washings. Oh, and they aren't elasticized, but it is so tricky to get them on the bassinet, I have no worries that they will come up (we haven't used the play yard feature yet).By the way, we've been using them all through a hot Colorado summer; if this were winter I would definitly be looking for something softer and cozier."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These locks just cannot be beat.  They were featured on HGTV to baby-proof your house which is how I found out about them in the first place.  They cannot be opened at ALL by the child, unlike many of the other items out there.  You have to not only have the key to open the door, you have to know how to manipulate it to open.  If you have chemicals that you have store within a child's reach, there is no other better way than this lock to make SURE that child is safe.  I feel very blessed that I found out these locks exist because my little one is extremely curious and figures out EVERYTHING! Trust me, you won't be disappointed.  Regarding the installation, my husband is not a handyman - he's a musician and if he can figure it out, so can just about anyone else.  Buy them!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We just got this potty after trying the Safety 1st potty for a couple of months. As soon as my son saw it he knew just what it was. We watch the \"Once Upon a Potty\" video and the old bowl style potty in it was throwing him off I think. THis is close enough to that style that he started quoting part of the video upon first site. He then stood up backed up to it and sat down without any assistance, a great improvement from the other potty. He can get up and down from it without maiming his privates. His only problem with it so far is that he's apparently gotten use to having the back pressed against his rear so he pushes all the way back on this potty too. This is a little odd given its oval shaped bowl. Hopefully our stalled potty training will get a jump start down. Just in one day he is much more eager and willing to sit on it and he giggles over quoting the video while he sits there."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The design is convenient, except for the water holding tubes which can be annoying to clip to the sides.  Otherwise, having a cooler right there is nice.  Note that it keeps the bottle COOL, and NOT COLD.  You can order replacement/extra ice pack on Tomy website - we keep 2 extras in the freezer as we constantly were forgetting to refreeze the one we had in preparation for a new night (they were $2 each).  Heating is a bit inconsistent and seems to be slower than the quick pro model by the first years.  Overall, good purchase and the price is great on amazon (you'll pay $30 at BRU)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When you first put this on the table you feel like it has made things safer for your child, however the first time they get near it they are able to pull it off because the adhesive provided with it doesn't hold well unless you have a completely flat surface to attach it to.  (I suppose if you use a stronger adhesive you would run the risk of damaging the table).Only buy if you have a large top face and edge to the table with no decorative surface changes (must be completely flat to hold at all)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This tub has proven very handy.  My son got his first bath in it at only 3 days old.  I admit, that was a little tricky.  However, in no time we had it down and I was able to bathe him easily anywhere.  Usually we take the bath on his bedroom floor.  I like the portability and the fact that it can fold up and fit under the bathroom counter, since his bathroom is also the guest bathroom.  I also like the little section in the front.  That's where I put the soapy water.  It's easy to rinse him off with a little watering can.  The tub has been great, but now that my son is 17 lbs. it's getting small.  I will be looking for another bath aid soon, but I'll miss this handy tub."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "OMG....this play pen is a life saver. My son crawls around like crazy. When I'm in the kitchen cleaning up or fixing dinner I can't always be watching him so this is perfect. He hangs out and plays or stands up and (tries) to talk to me. I don't keep him in here for a long period of time because I feel that he needs to be a kid and crawl around too.  It's easy to pack up too. I took it to the park with me. I shoved it in the bottom of our UppaBaby Vista stroller. #NYCMom**KEY NOTE*** the middle part has to be up for the sides to bend down."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We were quite excited to find this product - thought it was like the  type of playpen from 20 years ago to use for a child. There was no weight limit and the only height limit on the website was when the child was big enough to climb out - from both Amazon and from Graco, so it was perfect for our larger baby.Lots of disappointment when the package was opened and we discovered that is has the same limits (in the owner's manual) as the regular pack-n-play. Between when I ordered in and when it was delivered, the words PACK 'N PLAY were actually added to the title of it.Luckily, Amazon seems to be pretty good about taking it back, but we are quite disappointed."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was worried this wouldn't work for us. We have a Pottery Barn Kids changing table that has a decorative moulding that sticks out about 3/4 inch beyond the frame of the changer top. This product hangs at a slight angle because of this, but it still hooks on solidly to the changer's top edge, and gives us much needed storage space for wipes up top. It is an inexpensive fix to a very annoying problem. Another bonus is that the plastic piece that the wipes container rests on is hinged to allow easy access below for loading diapers or whatever you choose to store in there."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got this set for my 4 year old and he loves it. The dinosaurs are colorful and there are a lot of them to arrange on the little background. I am happy with the number and look of the dionos, trees and volcanoes. However I give it only 3 stars because the background is small and very flimsy, and the set really smells bad. Every time we open the box there is a very strong unpleasant plastic smell coming from inside the box. Not sure if it's the box it's-self or the contents.  I thought I would air it out a bit so I left the lid off over night, but when I entered the room in the morning the whole room smelled terrible from it. I really don't like the idea of my kid inhaling the fumes of some unknown plastic chemicals each time he opens the set so it now stays open and stored in the garage.  We play with them outside and they work fine for that."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The only time I've had one of these sippy cups leak is from operator error.  I have two kids ages 4.5 and 2.5 and have used several different brands of sippy cups and these are by far the best.  I've gotten rid of most of the sippy cups in my house but did keep these around for when my 2.5 yr old wants a drink of water in her bed at night or if my neices or nephews need one when they come over.  I loved these so much, I couldn't bring myself to get rid of them!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased this crib after my son grew out of his Graco travel lite crib (at three months). My son is four months old now and fits in it perfectly and there is still a lot of room for him to grow. It is a nicely made crib and is worth the $80 that it costs. It is so cute and I love the fact that they sell a bedding set for it. We bought the malawi set for it, which looks adorable. I wish I would have gotten this crib from the begining."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is one of only a few products my husband and I would buy again with no hesitation.  We bought it over a year ago (with the extension) and have used it every day since.  When my daughter outgrew the octoganal arrangement, we just opened it up and have used it to block her from the kitchen and other dangerous areas.  She is not a climber yet, so I do NOT recommend using it in this fashion if your child is.  It will tip over, the circular formation is the sturdiest.  We haven't had any problems with pieces breaking off or the plastic being brittle and we adjust it almost daily.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got this because it used regular trash bags and you don't have to worry about a huge long twisted snaky thing unraveling when you take it to the trash.  I've been using it almost a year.  I do use those cheap Bowl Fresh toilet deodorizers instead of ordering the disks.  I clip the hanger off and break it in half (while it's still in the plastic) and add half or both, just depends.  The deodorizers last about 1-2 months and it's cheap! I empty it about every 3 days and spray it down w/ Lysol before adding another bag.  Not had any stinky problems and this is in my hallway right by the familyroom. I do take it outside every month and give it a good cleaning w/ bleach and a garden hose."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Before my first child was born, I was all set to buy the Diaper Genie but then a friend told me about the Diaper Champ. She said that it did a good job and I didn't have to buy any special bags. So I went out and bought it along with a big box of tall kitchen bags. My son is now 4 months old, and so far it is working great. It is in the nursery and there is no smell at all. I am usually very sensitive about any bad smells, and so is my mom but even she couldnt smell any odors. So far this has been a great product. The lid is definately tight, but it does not bother me much. Hopefully, it will still work when the diapers get REALLY smelly! But so far so good!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had high hopes for this item based on other reviews, but it was a huge letdown.  It plays one tune with different instruments, and it is too loud for a baby.  With a music background, I really want to expose my son to beautiful, classical music.  This is not the item to do that with.  I will keep looking for other musical toys with more variety and sophistication.Update:  This is still my least favorite toy, mainly due to the volume.  I wish I could turn it down.  Thanks to a helpful comment, I did manage to play all the tunes and felt fairly silly not reading the directions beforehand.  I sill stick with my original rating, though.  There are just so many better toys out there."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Easy to put up, takes a bit of time, but overall fairly easy!  Wasn't too crazy about the type of adhesive that comes with it, but I look at it this way.... I'd rather re-finish my wood coffee tabble than deal with all the boo-boos and broken teeth it(my coffee table) has caused! (I have three kiddos and this coffee table has taken a tooth from two of them before they were 2yrs old)  I'm hoping this protector will prevent that with my third little one! Personally I hate this coffee table, but my husband will not get rid of it... I put this protector on my fire place too, and it looks and feels wonderful.  I like that it streches a bit, and I had plenty of adhesive left over! I rate this product 4 stars, definitely worth the price just know that adhesive is going to be a consern when I remove the product!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have 2 packs in different sizes. On the package it's advertized as a burp cloth. I've used it over a pillow on my lap, but it's too stiff to use over your shoulder. It's good at trapping moisture and keeping the surface beneath from getting wet or damp. It stayed strong after several washes. I used to lay my daughter on it to protect her mattress or sheets, but I find that it doesn\"t breathe well enough and when she had baby acne it made the break-outs much worse."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These for cloth diapering?  Um, no way.  Way too thin for that.  These for burp cloths?  Absolutely!  While I still periodically reach for the pretty and colorful burp cloths that are specifically made for that use, they are not nearly as absorbent as these Gerber cloth diapers.  My child is not even all that prone to throwing up and the other burp cloths are still not enough... I cannot imagine how often you would have to reach for a 2nd, 3rd and 4th burp cloth if you had a baby who spit up all the time.  These are easily washed and inexpensive... admittedly not as pretty, but most mothers get over \"pretty\" real quick when real life sets in and baby becomes messy all of the time! lol"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Still using this... its big and he doesn't mind going in it for me to shower. We also have used it to help him calm down, if he throws a fit we just sit him in with a toy and tell him when he is ready we will get out. Works well, just walk away and he calms down without an audience. Then we get back out, also when I tell him I want him to go in so I can take a shower he goes to it and waits to be put in. So he definately doesn't mind. He likes the toys in it too, wheres the baby (the mirror) was a favorite."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have two very busy almost two year old twins who were fascinated with the power strip in their playroom. This cover isn't the most attractive thing, but works. They cannot reach into it or access anything, (not sure what hole people are talking about), and have left it alone.  It's about the size of a one liter soda bottle, and slides together/apart to extend the length. It is tall enough, but not quite long enough to secure together firmly on our extra long power strip. It still works however, and is the best solution I've found. Would recommend."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "THis is the only one I have ever used, and i have to say I LIKE IT! It is easy to use, i just put in a white trash bag and dumped the diaper down the shute. It holds a ton of daipers, and the smell is not bad at all. I did notice now that my daughter is 15 months her poop is stonger and i dont put those in there, due to the smell. But diapers with pee only do not smell at all. The only bad thing is you need to ensure you dont get #2 on the shute or if you do it will stick there. It is really easy to use, and doesn't take up a lot of space."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We currently live in housing on base in Germany and the stairs are very wide and unusual. I got this gate since it is made for the top of the stairs and was wide enough for our staircase. It works great! I love that it slides to the side as well as opens. Was a breeze to install and I feel really safe with the fact that it is a really great hardware mount. No complaints here my son is 10 months and pulls up on everything so it is nice to know he is safe! The one hand open is really simple and I like it more than any gate I have seen at friends houses."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I like the idea but in reality didn't work for us.  We would have had to order 3 sets to cover the 4 sides of his crib which gets pricey. The length (from top to bottom) is not enough for his crib either - his rails are more like 2 or 3 inches.  So he can get his bottom chompers underneath these and still go to town on the wood. And of course he pulls them off easily and throws them to the floor too (11 months).  I'm going to order some cloth ones that can be safely tied on-not interested in a DIY project when it comes to ties and cribs."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "these dont require that extra ring to make it leak proof. i had the originals and they work great too but i like the big capacity but not big size of these. they will leak out of the nipple if it is upside down so if your baby feeds themselves, watch that they dont drop it and wedge it somewhere upside downupdated review***** i love avent NATURALLY bottles and trusted that is what i was getting when i looked at all 12 customer photos. well i broke these babies out to use em last night and they are reg avent bottles with the stupid ring on the inside that makes it not leak(something not needed in the other bottle)the plastic used is also completely different. it isnt the hard clear plastic that doesnt cloud or stain, it is the dull non see through plastic that feels pliable. and the oz numbering on these reg bottles is the kind that will scratch and rub off easily. so disappointed that i now have to return these :("}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I haven't had problems with this tub.... I used another tub for my son for the first 3 months, and that tub became too small, so I purchased this one.  I'm so glad I did.At 3 months, my son was large for his age, but unable to sit up yet, so this tub was perfect.I've given it 4 stars instead of 5 because I agree with the other comments that it is not easily collapsible to store, and it is bulky, but we simply let it dry in the bathroom overnight and store it under his crib during the day - so space turned out to not be so much of a problem.I have had no issues with the tub leaking though.  Once it is completely extended, there is a good seal and it does not leak.I have and will continue to recommend this tub to all my friends.It's accomodating for longer than any tub out there.well worth the money."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this sterilizer and AVENT products in a whole! I bought a sterilizer because I don't use the dishwasher at all, and well I just didn't trust it to 'sterilize' my baby's bottles well (especially the nipples!).  Well I must say that I'm very happy that I got this product.  It is VERY easy to store and does the job well. Avent bottles fit perfectly in it (as I'm sure you already guessed), but it also fits all other bottles!  I use it to sterilize my bottles, nipples, caps, pacifiers, teethers and breast pump parts.  I generally sterilize the bottles once a week, but if needed, I can take it out and sterilize her teethers, etc anytime."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is the first seat you used for potty training.  I LOVED it for the following reasons: 1. it adjusts to stay in place, 2. it fit all of the toilets in the house (important when you have two round and one elongated toilet), 3. it wasn't padded or cheesy (cheesy characters), and 4. I like that the shape sort of holds the child in.  I potty trained my daughter the week she turned 2 and wanted to be sure that she didn't fall off of the potty, but I also didn't want to deal with emptying a little potty into a big one.  This is a GREAT seat.  I would give it 4 1/2 starts if I could.  We ended up needing a second seat for another toilet and it had handles.  My daughter prefers to have the handles (even if the seat itself is not as secure), especially when she is pooping."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I'm not sure about this one.  In concept, it's a fabulous idea.  I love that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.  I just go to [the store] and purchase tall kitchen bags and use those for the Diaper Champ.  The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth.  In addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.  My daughter is only 4 months old and we do notice an odor...I'm concerned that as she gets older the #2 diapers will only get worse.  If I had to do it over again, even with the cost savings of using any type of bag, I would go w/ the Diaper Genie."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great for play.  I really like the built-in toys and bright colors.However, I bought it for our vacation as a place to play and sleep.  Unfortunately, the pad is somewhat uncomfortable and the sheets (must be purchased from company other than Graco) cause the pad to be a little lumpy.  My daughter would also wake up and want to play with the toys in the middle of the night and then had a hard time going back to sleep.Although I love the size of it, it is quite awkward to move around when open since it is heavy and large.Still worthy of 4 stars since it does what is says it will do.  I am happy with it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "There is no perfect solution to window blind cords, but I think these do well. I actually used this kind years ago for pets. I do usually have to open and close them to unwind, but that is okay. What is important is that they put the cord high above a child's reach. I just ordered many more for the rest of the windows. However, for the kid's room we have the kind that is screwed into to the wall and wraps the cord around, so there is no chance of these plastic parts falling."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased these in the hopes they would work for our newborn.  Unfortunately, I haven't even given birth yet and I already know they're not going to hold up to the demands of a newborn wetting even once in them.The pros: inexpensive.The cons: These diapers are horribly rough, even after a washing.  The fabric is fraying and even triple folded, these things do not hold liquid.  Since I'd already washed them I figured I could at least use them for dish towels, but they merely move the water around on whatever surface you're trying to dry, they don't absorb.Save your money and skip these...and buy a higher quality cloth diaper."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "For the older toddler, this booster seat is more comfortable and spacious than the hard plastic booster seats with trays.  The hard plastic seats slide around on wood chairs and never feel stable, even when strapped around the chair.  The trays don't leave enough room for a bigger child's legs.  However, this booster seats is soft and cushiony.  It feels stable on wood chairs, and it allows the child to sit at the big people's table.  Obviously, it's not as good for the young infant or younger toddler who needs a tray to contain the mess, but it's definitely better for the older toddler who knows how to eat neatly off a plate or bowl.  The older toddler hopefully is also well-trained enough to know not to jump around in the seat because it's not attached to the adult chair."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We love this booster. My 3 year is still using it and I think he started using it around 18 months or so. We have solid oak chairs and didn't have the problem of other reviewers. It sits in the same chair almost all the time and there's no residue. Maybe it has more to do with the chair finishing. Your chair does need to be made of something to \"grip\" this chair, such as a wooden chair. I tried to take it to my dad's house and he has cooshy leather chairs, and it didn't work. It cleans extremely easily, holds him securely, and works better than I could have expected."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have purchased this diaper pail four years ago [I was so disgusted with Diaper Genie we had at the time (not just wasting the money on the refills, but also the smell and having to push & twist was more than I wanted to deal with)].Diaper Champ was so much easier to operate! When my daughter turned one, she started disposing of her diapers herself and she never failed!We used regular grocery bags and changed them twice a week to avoid them getting too full and/or smelly. [We've discovered that regular shopping bags from Target are larger and sturdier than your average grocery bag and we're now using them with daughter #2, replacing them once a week]. We have NEVER had any problems with DiaperChamp, and we're still using the one that we purchased in 2001! It's virtually indestructible, easy to wash and operate, doesn't cost you any more money than you initially pay for it, and it DOES NOT SMELL!I would highly recommend this product to anyone."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I definitely, wholeheartedly recommend the Baby Bjorn toilet seat reducer.This seat is contoured in a way that makes it comfortable to sit on and boy's pee goes into the toilet.There is a kind-of dial thing at the back that you turn to make the seat fit snugly and securely onto your toilet so it does not shift when your little one is on it.The handle at the back means you can hang it on a little hook if you wanted to stick one of those removable 3M hooks to your wall.I also give bonus points for the colour- white without a licensed TV character in sight :-)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "this tub leaks - i had to put it in my bath tub to use it, which really hurt my back and made me nervous when taking my daughter out of the tub and trying to stand up.  couldnt use it on a kitchen counter unless i wanted everything to get wet.doesnt open and close very easily -  i gave myself more than one bruise (due to pinched skin) when trying to open and close it.  also, by the time your child can sit up in this might as well put them in the big tub..my daughter slipped and slid all over when we tried to sit her up.too short - by the time she was 4 months, she was too long for this tub and would kick the sides.i had regisered for the eurotub, but rec'd this.  preferred the euortub by far!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased these covers because there doesn't seem to be anything else to fit the contoured changing pad.  Even after just one washing, the cover already shrunk.  I washed in cold water and dried on low since I had read the reviews saying they would shrink.  It didn't help, they still shrunk.  They still work though, but the corners of the changing pad are crumched down.  I don't see the problem with the straps either.  Mine are attached to the bottom of the pad, so there is no need for any slits for them.  Overall, these covers serve their purpose, and that's about all.  I would definitely suggest covering your changing pag with SOMETHING so that all the yuck doesn't get down into all the little crevices of the pad.  You might prefer covering the pad with a receiving blanket, so you can easily toss it in the washer with no worries when it becomes soiled."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "i got these to put on my bed for my son's morning massage-cuz by now it's no secret what little boys do once those nappies come off! the first time i used it i seriously used the expression \"let's see how good these really are\"...only to be terribly disappointed: upon turning him over (yes he did let out a dose)i found i had really let my child lay in a puddle!! this o so absorbent pad really did nothing but allow for a greater area of redistribution. i even ventured to put my hand into it to see how much was absorbed n literally had stuff dripping from my fingers!!this was a waste of my money. i am back to using a regular sheet folded over."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have some Dr. B brand bottles. They are awesome. But when I was a first time mom, I hated washing bottles and parts. It didn't take much time, but still it took time. So I switched to Playtex Drop-Ins bottles. Yay! I rinsed tons of nipples and washed them all at once later on the day. Now I have my 2nd child. Playtex Drop-ins is the only one I use.The liners are expendable. It designed for the bottle. It's durable and doesn't have plastic smell like other generic brand I used once.Please note: If you want to use generic brand liners, you fill water to the water lines ON THE LINER instead of the marks on the bottle itself. The water level/volumn is different."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I've had this diaper pail for 3 years now, and it's been through 2 kids (both in diapers for 18 months of that!).  I love this diaper pail! My favorite feature is that it doesn't require special refills--it can use any trash bag (we just use a tall kitchen trash bag).  My 3 1/2 year old still hasn't figured out how to open it, but it's easy enough for me to open quickly.  The only times I have had a problem with odors is if too many diapers are stuffed into the pail.  Even then, these odors can be minimized with a bit of baking soda sprinkled in the bottom of the pail.Although I debate the necessity of ANY diaper pail, this one receives 5 stars from me!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this tub before my son was born, thinking it looked great and I could use it in the kitchen sink.  I do like that I can use it in the sink, but he's not a super long baby and his little feet always get stuck in the grooves where the tub folds!  It doesn't hold much water, either.  I wish I had read reviews before I bought it, because now, after only 2 months, I'm just going to replace it and throw it away.  What a waste!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I use this on top of my crib sheet when my crib sheet is dirty and I don't have a replacement.  So in that sense it's helpful.  My daughter doesn't pee through her diaper so I haven't used it for liquid leaks.  It can probably hold a lot of pee, but the real question is why does your kid need this kind of protection? (unless you put them to sleep without a diaper on!)  I find all the snaps to be a pain in the butt.  If I could do over I wouldn't buy this VERY EXPENSIVE crib sheet.  I'd just get multiple regular crib sheets."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a wonderful toy that is fun, educational, and affordable! The cars are different colors, and each has a different number, 1 - 4, to help a child learn counting and colors. They also stack on top of each other and nest inside of each other.(The nesting feature is great for storage too). Each car has a neat fun feature for little ones to explore (e.g., the small car is also a rattle, the large fire truck's ladder moves, etc.) The cars are also very sturdy (as has been proven by my son repeatedly banging them together,) and they are easy for little hands to grab onto. At 6 months of age, my son really enjoys looking at the toys, passing them from one hand to the other, banging them together, and, of course, putting them in his mouth. I imagine this toy will remain one of my son's favorites as he learns to stack them and roll them on the floor. I would highly recommend this item."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great product!  Buy two and put them both in the crib.  When your little one leaks in the night, just unsnap and toss the dirty one aside, and you'll have a clean one underneath.  As far as the snaps falling off, my son had pyloric stenosis (severe vomiting requiring surgery) and I washed these 3 or 4 times a day for weeks.  Never once did I have any of the permanent snaps fall (there are two completely detachable snaps on the ends that I don't even use).  I even washed and dried on the normal cycle (not gentle) in warm water (not cold, as is recommended)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Being the excited new mom I opened this to get a feel for it and see how it would fit in our home and almost cut my finger sliding it open! I was shocked and then thought if I have not even used it and it does this I do not want! Plus if it did this to me then what about when I am washing my child. And I read all the instructions before attempting to play with it so I could do it correctly. Right back in the box and I drove back to the store the same day....got another brand...."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I've bought several potty training seats, and this is by far the very best out there as far as fit and stability.If I were going to change one thing about it, it would be to make a boy's version and a girl's; the guard in front is pretty unnecessary for our daughter, and it gets in the way of her wiping herself.With that said, I'm really happy with the way it adjusts to fit the seat and doesn't wobble or slide to one side, like other seats I've tried. It's also very easy to take on and off the toilet seat so others can use the bathroom with no trouble, thanks to the handle.Don't bother with those other seats. This is the one you need."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "If you are really, really, REALLY hard pressed for space, then maybe this tub is for you... except that you'll only use it for 3 months  because it is so small and then it will sit in storage wasting that valuable space.  As with most tubs, this holds maybe a quart of water, which means, only babies bum is wet, how fun is that.  And as soon as baby can sit, that is if she hasn't outgrown this small tub by then, she will not want to lay down at the angle this tub puts her at.  Save space by getting a little bigger tub that will spend more time holding your splashing baby than sitting under your sink: I have the Newborn to Toddler Tub by The First Years--my baby is a year old and I still use it (she is petite, but I'm sure anyone can get at least 6-9 months out of it.)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I looked everywhere for a tub without all the grooves for baby's body - I wanted something that would submerge nicely from the neck down and this looked like it would do the trick. Unfortunately, it doesn't hold any water to submerge anything than perhaps the feet. Leaks horribly, bulky - we gave up, returned it, and now we just bath with baby. Nothing works better than you own hands on your slippery baby anyway, and you can avoid sore knees from bathroom tile and stiff back from bending over the tub."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I think the [...]. The fill line is crucial in getting the bottle warm. If you fill the water to high than it doesn't heat as well. The water is supposed to be just at the level of milk in order for it to heat correctly. If you fill it correctly it will work. It works fast too. A bottle of cold breast milk from the fridge is warm in about 4 minutes. If you're warming room temperature formula it will be even faster, probably about 2 minutes. I highly recommend this bottle warmer. My baby is not on solids so I can't say how it works on baby food."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Great seat! This is our second one in 4 years and two kids! The first one had the handle crack.I bought a different potty seat to replace this one initially and it was sent back quickly in favor of this seat!There is a dial that turns to adjust two plastic pieces that sizes it for your toilet.My son is 3 and he knows how to use the potty all by himself. He is able to put this down on the toilet and get on and off it himself. There is no leakage between the seat and the toilet seat and the guard works well.I fully expect that my daughter will be able to use this seat when she is ready to potty train."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I just finished potty training my oldest child and really loved this potty chair.  When we first started potty training, it was a little too big for her- so if you have a small child, it might be hard for him/her to easily get on and off of it alone.  By the time she was 2.5, she had no issues getting on and off.  The splash guard is great and makes it easy to lift out while still keeping your hands clean.  The potty part is also deep enough to hold anything in it if your child decides to bring you the potty to show you their work :)Great little potty!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I like this product a lot, but was very excited to receive it to apply on my 5 month old who is starting the whole teething process... the product vibrates great, the colors are attractive to her, and as soon as she sees it its the first thing she wants to grab. However, its a little heavy for her and in order to make it vibrate I have to hold it because it requires more strength than her tiny mouth has at the moment. Hopefully as she becomes stronger she can use this product better. But overall I really like it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Although I haven't been using this pump for very long, I've been able to get very good results. Of course, pumping takes practice but this pump works great for beginners. It is very easy to set up and clean...making it easy to take along. I also like that the bottles fit onto the pump-nothing extra to buy (and clean). I also have an electric pump but prefer this pump when I am home during the day. I find that I can more quickly get it ready and am able to pump one side as soon as my baby is finished nursing on the other side. I definitely recommend having a manual pump, even if you plan on or already have an electric."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a good solid dressing table.  We received it because my in-laws found it at a consignment shop, so I can't comment about other reviewers' concerns regarding assembly.  The table serves the purpose and is a good value for those who don't want to spend a lot of money on a dressing table.  We didn't feel that we needed a fancy dressing table and instead opted to purchase a more expensive crib, which is really the focal point of the nursery.  The dressing table has two shelves that are quite convenient for holding supplies.  I placed baskets on those shelves to hold diapers, etc."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchsed these bottles on a recommendation from a friend who was breast feeding as well.  The fact that the nipples were to more mimic the breast than others was great and the fact that you could use the bottles as storage containers when pumping was even better.  When I first had my daughter, we had to put her on a bottle a week after she was here to help me have time to heal.  She was getting one bottle a day and was having no problem going back and forth from breast to bottle regularly.  The nipples are great because they force the baby to suck on them as if they were the breast.  The nipples are not supposed to be shaped as the breast but force the baby to latch the way they do on the breast.  I swear by these bottles ans will not change to any other bottles for her!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My son outgrew his infant tub so I tried to bath him in a regular tub - wasn't having it!  So I needed something fast that could act as a transition tub.  This fit the bill.  I would recommend buying a hand pump to fill it (just be very careful).  I tried to blow it myself and nearly passed out!  I used the pump from my exercise ball and it was inflated and ready to go in minutes.  Just place the plug in the hole and fill!  I am not sure why people have complained about it being slipper - my son stands up just fan when I have to wash his bottom.  He loves it!  My only complaint is that the bottom leaves...um...rear end stains so make sure you keep it clean or at least pre-clean your babies bottom before putting them in.  I always do so I don't know how it stains but it does!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is my 5th potty chair and so far the best for a boy that I have found.  The pee still splashes out occasionally, but far less than all the other brands.  It makes me so mad that they don't have boy-specific potty's.  The splash guards are always too small and they leak ( like our defective Thomas potty seat)  So I am happy to have this one as a big improvement.  My son is on the large side he is 34 pounds and 36 inches tall and just turned 2 last month. He fits on it just fine and likes that he can lean back."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this a few times for my older son and have bought it again for my newborn. This is super easy to use and helps me keep track of his daily routine. When he started going to the sitter when I went back to work, it helped me know how his day went to better prepare me for how the evening would most likely go. When he was sick, it help me keep track of how many diapers a day he was producing to make sure he was getting dehydrated. The note sections to the side and bottom are useful too because his sitter writes in small notes about whether or not he liked his lunch or if the playtime included going for a walk, etc.Excellent for moms who are wanting to keep track of their kids daily routine even though they are at work. Excellent for dads to keep track as my husband can quickly forget what time he fed our son. LOL"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a child sized toilet.  It is attractive looking.  We have one for our downstairs bathroom and the kids bathroom as well as at the grandparent's house.  Our 2 year old was easily toilet trained on this and love it.  I think it is easy to clean, just remove the inner seat, empty, and rinse.  My son is approaching 3 and can now help with that.  I also like that we can leave it in our half bath and not have to move it when guests come over or when an adult wants to use the toilet.  We are big fans of this."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I used this when I became too sore to use my electric pump.  The milk seeps under the pump guard and it leaks out from the edges onto clothes. I wouldn't even say getting this as a pump for when you're on the go is a good idea because the leaking milk will get all over leaving you with clean up. I had to buy a replacement part because the bottom part that screws on the base of the pump cracked from sterilizing (which it says you can do).  They don't sell just that one little piece so I had to buy the actual pump again as a part.  It cost nearly $30 to order this part and it took over 2 weeks to receive it.  The entire system just isn't durable or made for much use.  Also, cleaning down into the bend of this pump thoroughly is practically impossible."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I ordered this product thinking it would be great if I could pump directly into the bottles we'd be feeding our baby with, eliminates a step right?  Well, having the extra bottles for pumping has been great and the work well in the freezer but they don't work well for feeding.  Milk seems to pour out our newborns mouth (3 mos now).  I hate pumping and really hate seeing my milk being wastes so we have stopped using the bottles to feed and only for storage.  I like the evenflow glass bottles better, she wastes very little milk with those"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When my daughter outgrew her infant tub, we went through a few different devices to try to give her a safe bath. She is VERY active so she doesn't like to sit for very long. We first tried the bath ring, that was a disaster. This snug tub has worked wonderfully. She is able to stand in it and splash around without us worrying about her breaking her head if she slips. It's very safe and fits snugly in our shower. I highly recommend this tub, especially if you have toddler who won't sit through baths!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "A dedicated steam warmer is definitely better than any other option such as a pan of water on the stove (takes too long) or the microwave (danger of uneven heating;  robs contents of nutrients).We have ours in a second-story nursery and have been pleased with it.  The only problem is that the results can be unpredictable - sometimes one capful of water will do the trick just fine, sometimes the bottle feels hot but the milk inside still cold, and sometimes it just goes to town and overheats the contents.  Nonetheless, I figure any heating process will be unpredictable, so I can't fault this model.The unit comes with adapters to hold any standard 4- or 9-oz. bottle;  we've used Avent with no problems."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have another vibrating teether that is very similar to this one, there are some differences though.This one is much softer on the outside which could be nice on tender gums.This one has 3 points that she can use to pin point the problem area.Each point has a different texture (bumps, ridges) so there is some varianceThis one seems like it is easier to activateI will say that I don't know if she favors one for the other.  It seems like she uses them both about equally.She also likes to play with it by making it vibrate on her hands, feet, cheeks etc.  We have had a lot of fun playing with it.It's a great find and I wish I had come across it sooner."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "As other reviewers have mentioned, this is not for car seats.  However, it doesn't have to do with crash testing issues.  The technician who installed my car seat told me to never ATTACH anything to my car seat (including toys) that didn't come with the seat, and the way these headrests fit, that is considered to be attached.  The reason had to do with how your baby will fit in the seat.  It's the same reason you are not supposed to put your baby in a car seat when he or she is extremely bundled up- you end up securing the clothing more than the baby.  The technician did recommend the rolled blanket idea- the blankets will not cause harm to your baby in a crash, and they do not interfere with how the baby fits in the seat at all.I am using mine in the stroller and his swing.  It works well for these items.  I give it three stars because it is not totally useless."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The concept of this product is good, but I found the snaps extremely difficult to snap and unsnap (maybe they get easier with a little wear, but I haven't used it enough to see).  Therefore, I found it both quicker and easier just to take the mattress out all together and use fitted sheets (which are also more attractive).  I would only use this product if you have a mattress/crib set that have a fit making it extremely difficult to get the mattress out.  Seems like most crib mattresses slide out pretty easily, making this product pretty unnecessary."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Avent bottles are one of the best out there. Handy and easy to clean. They protect your baby from getting gas while he eats. But if your baby is really gasy and has colic, I recomend you the Dr brown bottles. I suggest you buy or register for both (avent and dr brown)so if your baby does ok with gas and colic you use avent, and if not, you use dr brown (at least for a while). You will notice the difference in a few weeks. But I most tell you avent work very well with gasy babies, so if you dont want to invest too much  money in bottles, avent will do great."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Buy this Pack N Play!!  All pros and no cons on this.  It was so simple to assemble, it took only about 3 minutes from box to being put up, and some of that time was to remove the tags. Only three parts, just the frame, the folding padded floor, and the carrying bag.  It is roomy, has plenty of padding, and has 9 legs for a strong and even base.  It is great for sleeping away from home, and great for playtime, because there is enough room for baby to crawl around and sptill have plenty of room for toys in with him.  You can purchase sheets for sleeping, but you won't need extra padding or an extra mattress, it's soft enough. It's easily moved from room to room.I put a different pack N play together a few months ago from the same company and it was a nightmare!  In my opinion, this is the best on the market."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The playtex with drop-ins system works great. Makes cleaning super easy - since you don't need to sterilize the bottle every time you use it. The liner and the nipple are the only things that come in contact with milk - the liner is disposed off after one use, and the nipple can be easily sterilized.This system works particularly well when traveling. I introduced these to my son when he was 2.5 months old and we were on a flight for 16 hours. I simply took 2 nurser bottles, lots of liners, and many nipples. Made cleaning super easy on the flight - and gave me the piece of mind that everything was sterilized. The biggest advantage was that my luggage was a lot less bulky (as opposed to traveling with 8 glass bottles).The only downside: The 1 oz, 2 oz, 3 oz etc markings on the nurser are not correct. You should use another system of measurement to figure out how much milk/water you want to pour in the nurser."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I use this so that our babysitter (grandma) can keep track of what goes on during the day.  We've recorded so many milestones since we received this.  It is a 6 month diary and has room for notes.  I wish the hours started around 6 am and went until 8 pm, but we just write over certain times to suit our purposes. The nice thing is that if we had a rough night and we are super tired, we have something to refer to if we forgot when we last fed the baby or when he woke up. I also like that the front page has a place for emergency comments and a consent form in case your child needs medical care.  It also has a place at the back of the book for immunizations.  I'll definitely get another one in 6 months when we finish this book."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Too loud. Too hard. Buttons don't depress easily or distinctly. My 6 month old has fallen headfirst onto the cube and has cut her forehead and chin and jaw on the hard(!) unpadded edges. The corners have sufficient covers but why not the edges between corners??? Buttons require too much strength to push for a 6 month old. She can sometimes manage it her feet if cube is braced against other object. Definitely NOT for under 1 year olds. Battery replacement requires screwdriver.Munchkin Mozart Magic Cube"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have this potty in green.  I was lucky enough to find it on clearance at a local store by me for $12!!  If I would have known how much I would love this potty, I would have spent the money on it two years prior when we were potty training our first child.  I love the simple design of this potty and that it only has two parts.  It makes cleaning much easier.  No one enjoys cleaning out a potty, but it's so much easier when you only have two pieces to clean.  Our other potty had several pieces with it and a lot of cracks and crevices.  I just wipe this potty up with a lysol or clorax wipe and I'm done!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This power cord protector seems to be working fine so far. My baby isn't one to pry her little fingers into the hole on top so that hasn't been an issue for us. It comes with outlet plugs, which were handy for the empty ones. I don't find the pieces that hook it together difficult to line up. Many people had commented they were difficult so I actually opened and closed it multiple times to test it out. No problem. It takes some minor concentration to line the pieces up. And it is actually white, not the yellow it appears to be in the photo."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Our daughter uses this every morning as part of early potty training. She has low muscle tone, so we needed a potty chair that would be supportive and comfortable enough for her, and this one does the trick. She seems very comfortable sitting on it, I think because of its high back and the little bump in front that kind of keeps her in the right position. I also like this chair because the little potty bucket is smooth, without many little creases, nooks or crannies where, um, germs might get stuck -- so it's very easy to clean. That's a relief for me!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Unlike a couple of reviews I read, the only times I've had problems with the Avent bottles leaking is when I screwed the cap on badly or had the nipple in wrong.  Otherwise, they are perfect.  We were told that there may be &quot;nipple confusion&quot; if a baby goes from back and forth from breast to bottle but we haven't had a problem whatsoever.  These nipples are enough like the breast that he does just fine.  (His mouth is open wider than other bottles because he puts the whole nipple in his mouth, like the breast.)  I also use (and love) the Avent breast pump so you can pump right into the bottle and attach a nipple.  It couldn't be easier."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I use these storage containers for mixing breast milk and rice cereal to feed my daughter while we are out.  I love these containers for this use.  I don't have any problem with leaking and I can feed my daughter straight out of the jar.I gave these 4 stars because I didn't get any use out of these for storing breastmilk in the freezer (which is why I registered for them in the first place).  It takes FOREVER to defrost the breastmilk in these bottles.  I just ended up using the Lansinoh and Gerber milk storage bags because they defrosted quickly and took up much less room in the freezer."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have been using this product for almost 7 months and yes, its true the little cups DO NOT WORK for warming bottles, I tried them for 1 week until I started using my own cup and I just pour the water in and now I know about how long it will take to warm, works great for me. I never had a problem with scalding my baby's mouth because I always check the milk temperature on my hand BEFORE giving it to the baby. Overall, I live in a two-story house and this warmer is a lifesaver for those early am feedings, I definitely don't want to go downstairs to warm a bottle, the product works consistently if you figure out how much water you need."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It's a nice thick pad and seems comfortable enough to use in place of a sheet everyday, but it's too expensive for a sheet and because it has the rubber bottom, you can't really put it in the dryer without harming it. It takes a long time to hang dry. If it were less expensive, I'd get a few more. So I use it as a water proof pad and put a sheet over the top of it, but that takes away from the ease of putting it on the mattress, since It gets tucked in the fitted sheet."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have used it only once to travel, it was easy to asemble, the parts seem to be of really good quality, the colors and decoration are nice. Our baby slept and played in it during our 3 day trip, I was able to move it around the house were we stayed with no problem. The mat seems to be a little thin but a couple of blankets wrapped around it made it seem much more comfortable to sleep in it. Because is larger than the average our baby was very comfortable and had plenty of room to move around, the downside is that it makes it a little heavy, not a big deal unless you're planning to hike mount Everest with it. Fits well in any SUV trunk leaving plenty of space for luggage. Disassembling it was a breeze and packing it was pretty straight forward. I'll recommend this product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I understand that some people might have a problem with this bottle type. If you screw the top on crooked at all or too tightly - you may have issues. But if you take a second and make sure that you are screwing on the top properly - you might have a leaking bottle once every 30 or 40 tries. I have used 4 of the other top brands and am very pleased with Avent. The Brownies are really good too - but just too hard to clean on a regular basis. If you only use a bottle once in a while - use browns - but if you use them a lot - get Avent. Only way to go."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Our son uses the babi italia pinehurst classic crib...bought the ultimate crib sheet for it but it doesn't fit the crib very well. It is good for backup use if my other regular sheets are in the wash though. It just has problems fitting around the big 4 corner crib rails so I am forced to attach the snaps on the regular rails instead which makes the sheet not be able to stretch to look completely flat.Today I just found another use out of it though after feeling that it was a waste to buy this. My son has been pulling up to stand and teething on the top side rails and actually made teeth marks with paint coming off! AH!  So I improvised and used this crib sheet to cover the top rail, it fit perfectly in length and snaps perfectly together to stay on.  It would have cost about the same price to buy an actual[...] rail cover so it works out.  He usually only teethes on 1 side too!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I wanted this to use for the baby while I showered, and for him to play in while I dried off. We have a standard sized tub and this took up so much room that I had to step into it to enter or exit the tub. It would be ok for somebody who was sitting next to the tub while baby bathed, as it would save time and water not having to fill the whole tub.I had some problems with mold, and boy is it tough to get off once it's there. I tried scrubbing with vinegar and baking soda, and some bleach. It mostly came off but was still in the cracks. Honestly, we got more use putting this in the back yard during summertime, and now it's getting tossed out."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have been looking for the play yard that I had for my children. The other pack and plays are too small. I don't understand why they don't sell these in stores all the time. I live in Hawaii and have been trying to buy one of these for three years. No one would ship to Hawaii. When, I saw it on Amazon. I was amazed and decided to try to order it. I was really shocked as I was going through checkout. And, amazingly they were letting me order it. The shipping was really cheap. And, I ordered it on Sunday and received it on Wednesday. How, wonderful. My grandson was put in there immediately to see his reaction. He is only 6 months old and loved it. Thank You Amazon for having this wonderful product. And, of course shipping it to me. I am going to order one more. Just totally LOVE it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are so easy. I don't have to wash a million bottles anymore! I just have to wash the nipples. The only complaint I have is that I pre-fill with water and dump in the formula when I'm ready, but when I put in the 8 oz. and let the bottle sit for a while, the bag expands a little so it only looks like I have 7 oz. So the measurements may be a little off. I would use a measuring cup to make sure you get exactly how much water you want and not rely on the liner's measurements."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My mom got me this for a present because it used to be that you had to heat your bottles for formula.  Now you can feed the infants room temp, warmed, or cold.  I make the bottles as I feed so I feed room temp. and actually, this is what my baby likes most.  Sometimes I buy the ready to feed and store the bottles in the fridge so I warm them, but honestly, it takes a lot longer to do that than to just make the bottles.I think that this warmer actually takes longer to warm the bottles than to just put the bottle under hot water.  Just my opinion."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a nice enough tub but nothing special enough to warrant five stars.  I like the Safety 1st Kirby Inflatable Tub better than this one because it is deeper and the bottom plug is cushioned better the SnugTub's.  The SnugTub is slightly longer, though, and that was a key issue.  Why doesn't someone invent a larger toddler tub?  We're trying to postpone having to waste a lot of water filling the entire adult bathtub for our growing toddler's baths.  A vinyl tub that is 9 or 10 inches high and 30 inches long would be perfect and sell well.  There must be lots of other parents looking for a similar transitional tub!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This toy keeps my 4-month old's attention for a while - she really seems to like the flashing lights as the music plays.I only wish there was a volume button on it - it seems a bit loud to me (and if it seems loud to me wouldn't it seem loud to the baby as well?), and I wish it weren't quite so heavy.  It will be a long time before my baby will be able to turn the cube or pick it up, for now it just sits on the floor between her legs and she's able to hit the buttons that are facing up/out."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought a few Avent bottles when I was at a grocery store and had to have a bottle RIGHT then and this was all they had.  I was not disappointed in the quality of the bottle, but I was not overly impressed.  I did not notice a change in my son's spitting up using these bottles, either.The downside of using the Avent system is that, once you commit, you're really committed - the bottles and bottle parts do not fit standard bottles and parts.  I now have a wide variety of bottles and bottle parts, and the Avent bottles sit largely unused because I cannot mix and match the parts.  Who has time to search for the right parts when their baby is hungry and crying?"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is great! It's so much nicer than the hard plastic tubs. My 6 month old doesn't slide around in this and it's easy for me to rest my arm on the tub while washing her. (Couldn't do that with the plastic tub.) Easy to fill up and easy to clean up. It even has a suction cup so it doesn't slide around in the tub. (I also use that for hanging up so it dries out after every bath.) This tub just makes bathtime much easier!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I couldn't find anywhere--not on amazon nor on the product or its packaging--what this tub is made of, but I suspect it might be made of PVC. It has a strong new-shower-curtain/new-pool-toy smell when you first open it, and I let it air out for a few days before using it. The smell is gone now, but I would have loved it if this tub were made of a less smelly (and probably more eco-friendly) material.Also, the tub doesn't fit directly under the faucet--half the water goes in the inflatable tub, and half of it goes between the inflatable tub and the side of the bathtub. I fill a large plastic bowl with water and dump it into the tub to fill the tub.Other than these issues, the tub is ok. The size is good and it does the job."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I know the dimensions are listed, but for some reason I was surprised at how big/long the caterpillar is.  Because it is not like a big stuffed animal (long and thin) it was very easy for my 4 month old to hug and hold.  He can easily pull it to his mouth to bite on it.  He's almost 6 months now and can focus on one area or another...it is still big for him.  So I can see how for the next few months, he'll still be interested because it is big and he can do more and more with it.  my 2 year old niece visited and latched onto it and began imagination play."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this pack n play!  The other ones that are rectangular and fancier did not work for us (and they were twice the price).... It was the one with a changing table and bassinet.  I finally relented one day and bought this one because it was bigger, boxier and roomier. My son hates restraints and being boxed in, but he is much more okay with this larger pack n play, and is willing to stay in it for 20-30 minutes at a time (a record!).  And he is 2.5 now, so it will definitely last longer than the rectangular ones you see everywhere...."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I used these bottles with my son and loved them!This bottle system was excellent and my son almost never had any gas with them like he did with some others I tried out.  He took right to them as a newborn and I didn't have to encourage him like I had to with others.The wide mouth is so nice and makes them so much easier to wash.  The nipples and bottles are extremely durable and held up for a very long time.  As my son got older, I had other bottles I would use for him, but he always preferred the Avent ones.I never had problems with leaking like I had read about, so I don't know much about that.  But there was absolutely no leaking here!There is a great range of accessories that go with this bottle as well, including sterilizers and breast pumps.  Everything was compatible with my Avent breast pump and it made it a dream to use.I am pregnant with my second and Avent is all I am going to buy for her."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I saw this playpen and thought it was adorable, bright colored, and fun. But I already have another pack and play and I read it was big and cost 100 dollars so I placed it on my private wish list. Well, to my lovely surprise, my mother had also independently seen this playpen on Amazon and bought it for my little baby boy. It is truly awesome and my son loves it! What I love about it? Well.......it's so nicely colored, screams cuteness all over, and it's very easy to set up and take down. I also love how spacious it is and I have fun playing peek-a-boo with my little one too! They say mothers know best..... and in my case.... that was true! Buy it, you won't regret it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is baby nail clipper #4 that we've tried, and our search is finally over.  It's sharp enough to cut nails on the first try and the white bulb is pretty comfortable to hold.  What more do you need in a pair of baby nail clippers?The losers:- Safety 1st model 49539 (has the holder for emery boards) - the grip is comfortable but the clippers are blunt and therefore useless.  The emery board is useful.- Dubon baby nail clipper (the kind that you wear on your finger like a ring) - has the safety guard so you don't catch the baby's skin in the clippers, but that makes it almost impossible to clip the actual nail.  Plus, it's not sharp and therefore worthless.- Nuby infant nail clipper - not bad in terms of sharpness, but something about the way it's designed makes it really difficult to get at the baby's nails.Search ends here, thank goodness!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I ordered this product because it was advertised to have a built-in splash shield, which many don't. I specifically researched and looked for one with that for my little girl. It says it has one and the picture shows it. However, the actual product does not have one. I opened the package, thinking it might be inside the wrapping,but no, it wasn't. Now, I'm out $15 and still have to look for another one.Two days later: I am adding this note on and raising my rating from one star to four stars. After I wrote the above review, amazon contacted me within 24 hours and offered me a refund, even if I wanted to keep the item. I was so surprised by the generosity of that offer. Amazon once again has proved itself excellent in customer satisfaction and really checked the reviews to see if they could make the situation better. I really appreciate that and love amazon all the more for it. Thank you, amazon."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We bought this because I work 2nd shift at a hospital so on the days I work, I don't get home until midnight and my husband has to get up with the baby. We exclusively breastfeed, so it's not like we can just put warm water in a bottle and mix it with formula. Living in a two story house, it's not exactly fun to get up in the middle of the night, go downstairs, warm up the water, then the bottle and go back upstairs to the baby. This system alleviates all of that!! We just put it in our upstairs bathroom with a bottle of breastmilk in the cooler part and when the baby gets hungry, just put water in the wamer and warm the bottle. It's quick and easy, which is always good in the middle of the night!!Some people said they had problems with temperature, but we didn't have any problems. Just read the instructions for the type of bottle system we use and it worked fine!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this.  This is the most wonderful item I have gotten.  I clean the bottles and then load them into this.  4 to 5 minutes later, the bottles are all sterilized.  I love this.  Since I express milk and freeze it, it is reassuring knowing that the storage containers are sterile.  I also love it because you never know if you are washing the bottles and pacifiers and such with warm enough water (I am a first time mom).  With the sterilizers I just have that reassurance that everything is clean enough for my baby.  This is well worth the money.  It is so easy to use and comes with extra bottles."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I wrote a review a few months ago but I have to edit it. I followed all the directions, I was very careful and patient with this tub, I washed it and dried it after each use and still I find things growing in the crevices and between the top and bottom. The design idea was good but it just isn't practical for a baby tub that will need to be used regularly. The sling slips out of place all the time and the bath ring isn't worth the extra work it takes to clean it and the little ridges that hold it into the tub. No matter how hard I work it's impossible to keep this tub clean."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Seems to fit just fine except that the corner snaps could be longer.  We have a Sorelle Rosa crib with hidden hardware so the snaps must go around the outside of two bars for each corner.  The straps are just not long enough to effectively go around all 4 corners.  No big deal though as we just do two corners and then go around the first set of bars on the far side.  So the sheet is offset by a couple inches but doesn't appear to have enough slack to become a safety issue.  If our baby does start to try to get under the sheet it doesn't seem like a difficult task to just add our our strap extensions.  We'll probably be buying a few more to allow for more time between laundry runs."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "After some little potty chair fails, I decided to try out a seat that fits on the big toilet. This one came up first as it has the most reviews, and it does for a reason. This seat works, period. I do have a girl though so I cant vouch if it works for the little guys.It has a device underneath that tightens it onto the big toilet seat. My toilet seat is the flat plastic kind so it went on with little problem. I have to finagle it a little, but it fits and is very secure so thats a win in my book.SIDE NOTE: Grandma owns the Fischer Price froggy potty which works perfectly, so if you are also thinking about getting a little chair, I highly recommend it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased these bags when I returned to work and began pumping more often.  What a waste!!  The twist tie design is both clumsy and ineffective.  You can never tie them tight enough and spills are frequent.  In additon to this, the cost is ridiculous.  The Gerber bags with the zip lock design are much more economical and are leak proof.  They can be found at most retail stores including Target and Walmart. These bags do not measure up to the Medela name and they should consider a new design. Returning to work and continuing to nurse your baby is hard enough without the hassle of these bags."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When my newborn was in her Co-Sleeper, changing wet bedding every morning was no big deal -- but a move to the crib meant a HUGE daily struggle to disassemble the bumper, manhandle the mattress and strip the sheet and mattress pad, then reverse the whole process after washing and drying. The Ultimate Crib Sheet is truly that: just undo a few snaps and toss it in the wash. It's soft and durable, and your expensive bedding and mattress pad stay fresh and dry. In hindsight, wish I'd had several of these on my registry."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We chose to use the Playtex Nurser Drop-Ins system because of convenience and sanitation. I'm so glad we did! We've been using the 4 ounce liners for 4.5 months now and we have never had one leak or break. They're very easy to use and reduce my time doing dishes. I've used the 8-10 ounce liners a few times as well with no issues. For those curious about measurements, it's very close to the measurement on the Medela bottles I pump into and Nuk bags. Sometimes after pouring milk into the liners they will expand just a tad more once the weight of the milk pushes the crinkles out, but it's not a large amount at all. I've used the 4 oz Up and Up Target brand liners as well, but when these are on sale at Babies R Us they are usually cheaper than buying the generic from Target."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have used this book since my son was born.  It's a great and handy way to keep track of when and how much eats and when I change his diaper.  Makes it easy to discuss his progress with his doctor.  This journal is great for his grandparents who watch him while I'm gone.  They are able to maintain his schedule and it makes it very easy for me to see how he is doing while I'm at work.  Highly recommend this journal for all parents of children especially for those with little ones under a year of age.  I'll definitely continue to buy this every 3 months until at least my son is a year old."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "What more can you ask for? This is one of those baby products! It's VERY easy to use: so easy to use, you will learn to use it (believe me, this is important) &quot;in your sleep&quot;. It is inexpensive too: just shop around for other sterilizers and you will see this is the best one you can get for this price. Finally, and perhaps most important of all: this is an essential piece of baby gear. Sure, you can boil those bottles and those pacifiers, but let's face it: this is the 21st Century, and you might as well make use of your microwave."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills. Not only can they be a pain to install, but who needs one extra thing to watch a supply of? I mean, with babies it's already far too easy to run out of diapers or formula. I couldn't picture myself yelling to hubby, \"Honey, I know you have sixty other things to get...can you also pick up refills for the diaper pail?\"The Champ works great. We use regular kitchen sized garbage bags. We've never experienced odor from the pail. It was easy to assemble, and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion. I also love that you can flip the device with one hand...Highly recommended!!! Makes life easier and keeps baby's room smelling like baby, not dirty diapers!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Yes, my spring broke as well... but looking on the brighter side: when my son is old enough to walk he won't be able to accidently press the spring button to release the pail cover... it's kind of an unexpected safety feature! And yes, you can still open it with one hand... your fingers are not glued to one another. Really, diapers will stink no matter what pail you use.... The covered pail is cheap and doesn't require buying refill bags (especially since we use cloth diapers)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Great Idea. Doesnt work on plugs that are bulky and go sideways. But will work for most plugs even some large ones. The reason i gave it a 3 stars is because two reasons.One the wires come out the top making it hard to put them in a cord hider. Two bc they do come out of the top by daughter can still grab and chew on them. Would be better if they had the wires group together out the side. I saw a more expensive version of this that did that."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "So we have been using this potty seat for several months now trying to get our daughter used to going on the potty.  I bought this one because it had great reviews and was simple and easy to clean.  But every time we put her on it, after only a few minutes she starts complaining that her feet hurt.  What she means is that her feet are tingling and going to sleep.  Then she doesn't want to get off because her legs are numb and she gets scared.  She is not a big girl but this seat is just too uncomfortable for her.  Also, every time she gets up the insert sticks to her behind and will dump if there is anything in it.  It also leaves her with a red ring around her butt.  I am going to look for a cushioned potty chair next and hopefully we have more success."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had this pump on my registry but then was also given a double electric pump (Medela Pump in Style) all I can say is GOOD THING I HAD THE DOUBLE PUMP! This single electric one just cannot get enough pressure/suction/whatever. plus even if it DID work, a single pump means double the pumping time. I know double electric pumps are expensive, but beg, borrow, get your family to go in it as a gift - you NEED it and this single pump is NOT an adequate substitute for a real pump! You can even rent a double pump from the hospital or a lactation consultant. Just don't bother trying this one."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have a standard size and shape toilet seat. Yet, this potty seat fits the seat in an awkward manner, causing pee to leak both on top and under the front of the toilet seat. Granted, I have little boys, so maybe this isn't so much of a problem with girls.We had MUCH better luck with the Mommy's Helper Cushie Tushie potty seat (the one with the ducks on it), which is, incidentally, much cheaper and easier to clean. The same unfortunate pee situation never happens with that seat."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I liked this product because it's a good rubbery material to chew on, but it only fit on the sides of our crib as the front bar is much wider. I had actually gotten these & put them on when my daughter was in the crib, but after being on a few months, they almost looked kind of liquidy underneath and when I went to remove them, they removed some of the wood varnish as well, so I left them on to look better. My daughter actually never did bite on the crib railings but my son does (3yrs later) and prefers chewing on the front bar best, of course. At least the side bars they fit on will not be used when it's converted to a full size bed, but there will still be those teeth marks on the bed footer. Oh well, it's kind of cute. I plan to use one of those wood color markers to cover the teeth marks if it really bothers me."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I received this pump as a gift.  I like it because it is electric.  I got the manual attachment free from the hospital and it is very difficult to use even with the spring loading.  For manual use I recommend the Avent Isis.  However, there are times when I just feel like sitting down and not having to manually pump.  This works great.  It comes with storage containers and a nipple insert for smaller nipples.  Plus it comes with some lanolin just incase you get sore nipples.  It is a pretty good buy.  It doesn't work any better than a manual, but it is more convenient since you don't have to work as hard.  I wouldn't have bought it myself, but since it was given to me, I am glad to have it.  :)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have to pump milk for my daughter at my office, and getting my pump parts clean was challenging.  Our sink doesn't put out enough got water for me to feel that my parts were really clean and safe.  Now, I wash the parts and then put them through a steam sterilization in the office microwave, and I pump with the confidence that I'm not adding harmful bacteria to my breastmilk.  It also serves as a nice place to store my pump parts at the office, where I know they will remain clean and untouched."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This brand of bottles was recommended to me by a certified lactation specialist when I was having trouble with low breastmilk supply and was forced to supplement.  It was extremely important to me to be able to still feed my baby by breast and I was afraid that introducing a bottle to my daughter would cause her to lose interest in me.  I was told that this brand of bottles was created to closely imitate the breast and this is the only brand that you can easily switch baby back and forth from breast to bottle.  And it has worked wonderfully--my baby girl will feed from both without any problem.  I love the shape of the bottles--very comfortable to hold--and they are extremely easy to clean.  Out of the four 4 oz size bottles I own, one of them has a leaking problem, but I can usually solve it by loosening or tightening the cap.  My daughter has no problem sucking from the nipple, as one person reported.  These bottles are great!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The Diaper Champ has been wonderful in our home!! It locks away the smell so wonderfully that we purchased a second one for downstairs. I originally chose this one, because it doesn't use costly refills. The lid is quite heavy, so you do have to be careful of your fingers when changing the bags, but that's the only concern I've had with it. When you do open it to change the bags, you may want to do so outside. You'll quickly see just how well it locks the odors in."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I like this seat mostly because Elmo seems to have magical powers over little ones!  If your kid is like mine, however, and likes to sit on the potty \"unproductively\" you might want to consider something a little more comfortable.  The plastic frame that the cushion sits on has a rim around the inside.  While your child is sitting, the fairly cheaply made cushion settles down and your child's butt is now resting on the edge of the hard plastic.  Our daughter would always get up and complain about her butt hurting.  Depending on what kind of toilet seat you have, it also has a tendency to slip around.  I had to put some non-skid pads on the bottom so that it wouldn't fall into the toilet with a toddler's wiggling around.  You could end up with pinched fingers or a soaked tot."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "my son loves it!i bought 4 different brands for him to try out and this is the best one!perfect shape, perfect comfort, perfect size for a 4 yr old. (potty trained now)sometimes, he sits on this for a long time....so i know it's very comfortable....LOLthe handle helps germophobic mommies. and it easy to wash too.the pee cover should be higher though as he has to hold down his thing so as not to pee all over the toilet floor.even with that, it is still a 5 star rating!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Unfortunately you cannot tell from the picture, but this product is not well designed. It projects far out from the wall, and cannot accommodate any plugs larger than a two prong (meaning non grounded) table lamp cord. Anything like a power strip, laptop cord, etc, will not even be able to be plugged in because the casing blocks it. In addition, the slot to feed the cord through to exit the device is also very small and fits almost none of the electronics in my house. It also sits on top of the outlet cover, so there is no way to really secure it tightly and it can rotate a bit."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I just want to start of saying that I had purchased these with the intent of cloth diapering my baby.  I had used Gerber flatfolds and prefolds on my first two children back in 2000 and 2002.  They were amazingly awesome back in the day, so I'm wondering what on earth happened.These are very thin . . . I mean see through thin.  I couldn't even use them as a changing, shoulder or lap pad in a pinch. Any baby \"mishap\" would immediately seep through.  Not only that, they feel very rough - not something you'd want to rub on a newborn baby's skin to clean spit-up or drool.I feel bad for giving such a poor review because I'm normally a huge fan of Gerber products.  I just think that these are pointless and a waste of money.  You can find better flatfolds for nearly the same price as these.  As far as burp cloths, the Gerber prefold diapers work awesome for those."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Other reviews have said that this product is difficult to cut, but I used a pair of ordinary scissors and didn't have any problem whatsoever. Also, the foam is a bit stretchy, so your measurements don't have to be exact. I cut the foam a bit short and then just stretched it to fit. While it's true that the tape won't last forever, it is also true that it won't leave a mark on your furniture once you want to remove it permanently. Simply apply more double-sided tape when the adhesive breaks down. Easy!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We had gotten this seat belt tighter for both our cars - a Subaru Outback and an Audi A4.  For the Subaru, the Mighty-Tite was too bulky to work well - it was pushed up against the car seat and it was difficult to tighten completely.  It fit well on the Audi, but when we got our car seat installation inspected, the police office checking our seat said that she did not recommend this product.  She has actually had one break while installing it!  Since it is not made by the car manufacturer and not made by the car seat company, you should be wary of being lulled into a false sense of security just because you have this product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It doesn't get any easier than this product.  Boy, am I glad that I got this at my shower.  I have never used anything more in my entire life than I have this guy.  It sterilizes my Avent breast pump as well.  As an aside, don't just rely on your dishwasher to sterilize your bottles and your breast pump.  For some reason, I never felt comfortable anyway just depending on it and put the bottles from the dishwasher into this sterilizer.  Well, I found out later that it was a great thing I was doing that because our dishwasher was not heating the water the way it was supposed to and nothing had been sterilized!  You can't always depend on one thing to do the job and since it's your baby's health involved here, take the extra step and make sure with this item.  I'm glad I did!  Plus, it's just so very easy to use."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We've only used this tub a handful of times because our son is only 3 weeks old. I have not had any problems with the tub leaking. But like I said, we've only used it a handful of times. I definately don't think this tub is appropriate for small babies. The tub has absolutely no support for his head OR his body. It takes my husband AND I to bathe him b/c the tub offers no help. It would be just as easy to put him in our full size bath tub. I wouldn't recommend this tub for small babies."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased this pump for occasional use since I am a sahm.  As recommended by our lactation consultants, I pump once a day.  I sit in bed with my daughter nursing on one side and me pumping the other.  I am able to get 6-8oz in one sitting.  When I pump w/o nursing at the same time, I am still able to get 4oz in 15-20 mins. Being a sahm, I cannot justify spending the $200 for a double pump when I just don't need that much help.I highly recommend this if you are a sahm and can pump whenever for however long.  I pump once a day and after a week of that I have 2 weeks worth of feedings(if giving once a day)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We owned our last blue babybjorn potty for over 10 years. It survived 4 children.  Unfortunately, it was accidentally cleaned with a substance that ruined the coating.We decided to go with a bjorn again and we are please with this one.  It is a large potty seat so this will fit a large child.  The white part removes easily so that it can be given a quick rinse.A child can lean back and not fall off the potty. The seat is big enough so a child can sit easily without hurting themselves.Overall, I am please with the purchase."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I started using this potty with my daughter when she was just able to sit up on her own.  The high back was more helpful then, than it is now, but it's still nice to have the high back.  She likes to lean back and throw her arm over the back.  She thinks she's so cool when she sits on her big girl potty.I like the &#34;handle&#34; on the front shield because my daughter hangs onto it and leans slightly forward when using the potty for #2.I like the design of the bowl and how it fits in the potty.  No leaks.  The potty chair my mom has, if my daughter is at a certain angle somehow it leaks onto the floor.  That has never happened with this potty chair.PROS:- High back to help support baby- No-slip bottom keeps potty from sliding on tile floorCONS:- Haven't thought of any yetI bought a second one of these to leave at day care."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This item seems like a good idea, but after purchasing two I feel that we've fallen victim to \"new parent baby marketing\". Our baby wasn't interested at all in sucking on anything in it. She woudln't even go for fruits that we knew she loved. I'm guessing the mesh is too distracting or annoying to them(?) She would just shake it around, bang it, or throw it. Also, it's a total pain to clean it. The netting never gets clean in the dishwasher.Save your money on this one."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When I began my research for a potty chair for my son, I had no idea how many things there were to consider! I really didn't want anything that made noise or had lights but we ultimately decided on this chair because of the one-piece splash guard since I learned that it wasn't uncommon for little boys to hurt their tender bits on other chairs. It is well-made and sturdy; it didn't tip when my son got on or off. I think the main thing it did was to give my son the confidence to use a potty - his feet stayed securely on the ground and it was stable and didn't slip around. He had no problem getting himself on and off of it and he liked the 'responsibility' of dumping the contents into the big potty (I liked that it was easy for him to do that, and easy for me to clean the  bowl afterward)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My little one outgrew her baby tub around 5 months old. I purchased this item and read the previous reviews. Great item...its cushy for baby and quite large for her and her toys :)  Another great thing is even if the suction cup is wet, it still sticks to the bath tub wall without any problems and doesn't deflate easily (it's been about 2 months and still have not had to inflate the tub since I've purchased the item).Only CON is that as a previous reviewer had mentioned, the tub is slippery. So I bought the Green Spouts bathmat to put in the tub so my daughter does not slip and slide everywhere."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had a couple major issues with this outlet cover.#1: The screw that probably is in your existing wall outlet covers is not long enough to accommodate this outlet cover. They made it much thicker than the outlet cover it replaces so for me, I need to go purchase a handful of screws.#2: Box is not big enough to accommodate ANYTHING except basic, small, two-prong plugs. So what won't fit? Our laptops, our phone charger (Samsung Galaxy has a small box that plugs into wall), iPod chargers, computer charger, power strip plug, light dimming plug attached to lamp, DSLR charger, baby sound machine, Verizon Fios plugs. Well crap... what appliance plugs DID fit, you ask? A lamp. Just one lamp. Oh, and the electric toothbrushes.Useless, sending them back. The Safety 1st units are square (not pyramid shaped) and hold various plugs."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have recently started having a problem with my 12 month old kicking everything off of the end of his changing table while I am changing his diaper. His changing table is a dresser than came with a wooden surround that is removable once you are out of the diaper changing stage. This easily slid onto the rail and remedied the problem we had with him kicking the diaper changing supplies to the floor.I like that the little side compartments are removable. DIsposable diapers are so thin now that the slot you pull the diapers out through could be a bit thinner. I do often have two diapers come out instead of one. Even with that issue, this product is well worth the eleven bucks I paid for it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I really love this set of clippers. After trying many different brands and styles - this is the one that we love. The blades are dull enough that they do not clip skin but sharp enough to cut sharp little nails. My baby's grow quickly so these clippers are used often. I like that the grip it small enough to fit in my hand easily but not too big to make me clumsy.I love the grip, that it moves with me and keeps me stable so that I only clip nails. It will not work for big people nails, which is nice - it means I can always find it when I need!I highly recommend these clippers to caregivers of infants and toddlers. Hands down my favorite clippers - perfect on the pocketbook too!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This was a product that I used when I worked in child care and I always liked the fact that it is &#34;invisible&#34; and is not an obvious eye-sore on your cabinets. But when I tried to install on my sink cabinet, one side worked like a charm and the other side just won't work. I can find no discernible reason for this and it is very frustrating. The two parts line up fine, but they won't latch. And the two cabinet sides were installed what seems like identically to me, but apparently not. In my opinion, it shouldn't be this difficult to make accurate measurements to ensure that the product will work. It might just be my cabinets, but they are not anything crazy or out of the ordinary. I am frustrated that I will have to drill more holes into my cabinet and there is no guarantee that it will work!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Overall I adore this playpen. It is bright, well made and sturdy but the reason I gave it 3 stars is that it has a terrible slope toward the center. Our baby tries to roll over and always rolls back into the center where it is low.  One time she rolled to the center placing her head lower than her feet.  This scared me so I feel we can only use it when we are sitting right beside the playpen watching her. January 2013.  We are still using this playpen and it has held up well.  Our daughter who is 16 months now still loves this and it has no damage after a full year of daily use."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We've been using these cups since my son was around 8 months.  He had another sippy with a silicon tip and handles at first, but we wanted to introduce a cup that he could use for many years to come.  This is it!  Cups with silicone tips WILL leak if they get bent.  I can throw this cup in the diaper bag and not worry that it's going to leak.  It hasn't leaked once.  I love that this cup will fit in most cup holders.  It's super easy to clean with it's THREE parts.  You can use them as regular drinking cups for older kids."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Let me just say this... After being a nanny for almost 10 years I have tried them all. This one is really great. I actually took a friends word on it and went with this Champ when registering and I am glad I did. I just knew all along what products I would not use, but was undecided on the actual one I wanted. Well the Champ has survived it's first year with our son and it is great!! We just bought another for baby boy number two coming next month. The thought of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome! We just buy the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and are sented and they are like $6.00 and they work great. We just recently had to buy another roll of bags. SO $6.00 for a year of bags- can't beat that!! We lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems. Would reccommend to anyone and everyone!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I registered for this diaper pail as opposed to a Diaper Genie because I didn't want to have to purchase refills.  So far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at all.  It contains the smell from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind of bag inside.  I also sprinkled baking soda in the bottom of the Diaper Champ to help absorb odors - every once in awhile I just empty the old baking soda out and replace it.  I don't know if we'll run into trouble down the road with odors, but so far I have no complaints and I'm very happy not to have to buy those refills."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this potty after reading the reviews and trying to decide on the little or big potty.  I didn't think the small one would be a problem, since  my 18-month old son is on the small side.  However, after receiving it, I would only recommend this potty to those who are doing EC or for travel. My son seems to like it, but he looks huge on it and it will not last for long.  It also slides all over the tile floor like someone mentioned.  I really wish I would have bought the Bjorn big potty."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I absolutely love ALL Avent products... their bottles, bottle-warmer, pacifiers, etc.Both of my boy used the Avent bottles, and the ones my first-born used are still being used by my second one. Yes, sometimes there is a slight leak when shaking... I found that is from formula powder getting stuck between the nipple and the bottle, and breaking the seal. So, when it happens I just wipe the rim of the bottle, take the nipple out of the ring, rinse the nipple and ring, and then the problem's gone. These bottle seem virtually indestructible to me, and haven't discolored with age of anything. (Although, old nipples do discolor.)It's hard to believe my mom gave me bottles with little bags in side... what a pain and mess that must have been!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My husband, son and I all LOVE this toy. My niece had it before, so I knew it was a must-have with my little guy already. I love that he (1 year old) can be exposed to fun classical music with a toy that engages him. He loves that it all lights up (when the buttons on any side are pressed) and he has fun pressing the buttons on the different sides and seeing and hearing the difference it makes (pressing one side engages or unengages the instrument during the song).  An added BIG PLUS for parents - it does have an \"off\" switch. :)  SO key, even for those of us who appreciate the value and fun of noisy kiddo toys... there is still a time/place for quiet.Great, fun toy. :)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When I first had this product, I used it on my daughter's crib like it is intended.  Then I realized it could also be placed on the side of the carrying handle on most infant car seats.  I found it worked great if my daughter was fussy in the car.  She loved the soft sounds and musical melodies.  It helped lull her to sleep.  The added light is also a great feature to peak on her rather than turning on the bright overhead light in my car.  Just make sure it is placed securely on the side of the handle to prevent it from falling."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "UPDATE: After washing them only a few times, the snaps have been falling off so this sheet is not very sturdy. I now call it a \"disposable sheet\" and would rate it only 3 stars if I was allowed to change the rating.My previous review:This sheet is a fantastic idea. Imagine waking up to feed your baby only to have them spit up and/or poop/pee on the bed sheet. Instead of taken apart the bumper to remove the mattress to change the sheet, all that is required is to unsnap the corners that secure sheet in place. Then you put another one on...the whole process will take you less than 5 minutes. I have three, one for the hamper, one on the crib, and one waiting to be used in case of a bed wetting!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It makes so much more sense to just use regular kitchen trash bags, more cost effective. It is easier to use. There were no smell problems AT ALL until about 18months - 2years old, well \"hello - diet change produces stinkier diapers\". Makes sense. . but still use it for wet diapers. Hopefully potty training will happen soon! :)The only down-side, is that babysitters are so \"diaper genieized\" they pop off the side handle trying to do it the wrong way. But the good side is, it is easy to pop back on.The diaper champ is really durable. I highly recommend it to anyone!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have used the Avent \"II\" sterilizer found at other retailers.  (probably not much difference between the two)  I have been using the sterilizer for one month since having my twins.  It has really been helpful cleaning non-Avent items (breast pump items, baby bottles, pacifiers, etc.)  It can sterilize in 2 minutes (depending on the power of your microwave).  You don't HAVE to have this sterilizer, but, it helps if you want to clean a few items without having to boil water each time or running your dishwasher.It came with two small Avent bottles.  I'm not reviewing the bottles themselves - that's another topic.  However, this is a nice feature so you can try these bottles out to determine if you want to use their bottles or not."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had bought this sheet on the recommendation of others from Babies R Us.  The snaps make it a breeze to change, I'm so glad I don't have to take the mattress out of the crib all the time!  The waterproof backing is great not just for the diaper leaks but also for the spit-ups.  The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the snaps don't fit exactly around my crib rungs so it's a little wrinkled and off center, but my baby doesn't seem to mind."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It's a great manual pump, but it's just a manual pump after all. Manually pumping both breasts one at a time takes more than twice as long as double electric pumping to get the same amounts of milk. It would be impossible for me to keep pumping at work if I had to take that much time out of every work day. However I do keep this pump in my desk drawer for emergencies (like the time I forgot my other pump at home) or for out-of-office meetings (because it's small and discrete). It's also great for occasional home use or for women who need to leave the house with a pump every once in a while. I'm giving it 4 stars because I don't think it should be advertized for use at a full time job."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This item is serviceable and probably something you could buy to use to basically get ruined without stressing about it.  The Wendy Bellisimo changing pad covers are only $2 more and much better quality fabric.  The terry used for these is very cheap and scratchy, like an old towel.  I am using them but am not fussed on how long they last or what happens to them, I won't be buying any more though.  Carter's also makes lap pads that are great for use over the changing pad.  You don't strictly speaking need a cover, it's easier if you don't use one.  I never used covers with DD and never had a problem."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Look through the reviews and you can see many people upset about these leaking. They are correct! Because it only happens to one in about four or five reviewers, I think there must be a problem with production. Maybe some are leaky, some are not. Fact is, out of ten bottles, five of mine were leaky. I ended up throwing the whole lot out after using more money on paper towels than bottles.Save yourself the headache and get evenflo or playtex. They are half the cost and never leak"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Ok, my 3 yr. old shouldn't be drinking out of a bottle anymore BUT, I have really put these bottles to good use! I have a 1 1/2 yr. old and 3 yr. old still drinking out of these....they have a few quirks but you deal with them and get used to it and LOVE, LOVE , LOVE the ease of use! I do,however, wash the liners sometimes to re-use or I'd be in bankruptcy...Publix and Walmart and other stores have liners you can use when the Playtex gets to be too expensive!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I purchased this for use on our play yard where our son slept when he first came home. When I received it the size was appropriate, and I was able to attach it to the side of our play yard. However, I was very disappointed in the quality. The plastic it was constructed of was thinner than I hoped and that made the unit somewhat flimsy in my opinion and certainly not as sturdy as I had hoped. When I filled it with supplies, it looked as if it might break. I ended up returning it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Can't say enough good things about this stool. I used one at my lactation consultant's office and found it really helpful. It gets your body in the right position and makes nursing so much more comfortable. It's well made and easy to assemble. I am not too tall - 5'3\" with legs on the shorter side. Maybe if you have longer legs you don't need a stool, but I would recommend it to any new mom planning to breast feed. In my experience, anything to make those first few weeks easier - while you and your baby are learning to breast feed - is worth it!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is simply a great product.  It is installed inside the cabinet so there is nothing to see from the front.  The newer models work even easier than the original ones we purchased years ago.  They open easily when the magnet is put near (don't even need to touch the cabinet door).  We use these in several places over the house and love the convenience, but piece of mind it gives.  They are also pretty strong - our 3 1/2 year old pulls and tries to open sometimes and has not broken or pulled open any drawer.NOTE - The old version needed a drill to make a small hole on the lock which sits inside the door, but the newer ones like this no longer require that hole to be made. These work better and are easier to install - just need a screwdriver and a few minutes."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a very nice potty seat. We've had it since my son was 6 months old, and he's been sitting on it on and off since then. It's a good size, seems comfortable enough for him, is simple, and is easy to dump out and clean. He's now 21 months and potty training, and the seat is great for him when he comes running over saying \"go potty, go potty\" and can easily sit and pee.Why only 3 stars? Because theSummer Infant Lil' Loo Potty, Whiteis essentially the same potty but MUCH cheaper. We have one BabyBjorn and 2 Summer Infants, and they're all great. I actually slightly prefer the cheaper Summer Infant."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I received this tub as a gift at my baby shower.  I looked at it and thought what a great idea for a tub.  Wrong!!  First of all, the tub leaks.  You cannot let go of the baby for one second beacause they will slide.  My son absolutely hated bath time until I bought the seat that sits in the bath tub and now he is happy.  The sides of the ramp are hard and if they move there head to quickly they could hurt themselves.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a wonderful toy that is fun, educational, and affordable! The cars are different colors, and each has a different number, 1 - 4, to help a child learn counting and colors. They also stack on top of each other and nest inside of each other.(The nesting feature is great for storage too). Each car has a neat fun feature for little ones to explore (e.g., the small car is also a rattle, the large fire truck's ladder moves, etc.) The cars are also very sturdy (as has been proven by my son repeatedly banging them together,) and they are easy for little hands to grab onto. At 6 months of age, my son really enjoys looking at the toys, passing them from one hand to the other, banging them together, and, of course, putting them in his mouth. I imagine this toy will remain one of my son's favorites as he learns to stack them and roll them on the floor. I would highly recommend this item."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I had ordered a different tub for my shower but never received it.  I had my baby so I picked up this tub last week.  However I could not figure out how to use the sling alone for my 1 week old infant.  It appears that you have to hold her head up while in the sling which leaves you with only 1 hand to bathe her with.  But anyone with an infant knows that they kick and squirm and I found it very hard to use.  I tried to snap it into the tub for the 2nd stage (thinking better support) and I could not get it to fit!Much easier to sponge bathe a new baby on a contoured changing pad.  I'm thinking of returning and going for the EuroTub."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "After 3 weeks of use maybe 1-2x/day, the rubber handle is separating from the rest of the potty.  I just began hanging it from a hook, so maybe that had something to do with it.  This isn't a problem that I read in any of the reviews I perused, and the instructions on the box say to hang it on a hook.  I am returning it and hoping for better luck with the replacement.Other than that, my daughter loves this.  She's 18 mo old, 21 lbs, and fit it quite well.  We only managed to catch her doing her business using it once though.  The product fit very well on my elongated toilet seat and was easy to adjust."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Yep, flat diapers are indispensible for baby.  But skip the Gerbers!I'd decided to cloth diaper, and got some fantastic (big, thick, soft) birdseye flats for $12 per dozen, online (Google flat diapers).At the shower I was given some of these, and I thought \"cool, some cheapies for the non-diapering situations.\"I was shocked to find they're not that cheap, and even more shocked at the (lack of) quality.  After 5 weeks, these are still sitting untouched on the shelf, even though my tendency to grab my \"diapering diapers\" for everything has me running short on diapers a lot!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have two of these gates and we couldn't be more pleased with them.  They took a little time to install (it was a snap the second time around), and they are as sturdy and secure as you can get.  We don't feel the slightest twinge of concern when our 1 year old leans against this gate at the top of the steps.  We know it's not going anywhere.  The gate is so simple to open and close.  A small child would not be able to do it on his or her own though.  The gate's design ensures that little climbers will not be able to get a lift.  We've tried lots of gates and this one is our favorite."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Easy to clean.The &#34;lip&#34; at the front pretty much prevents boys from making a huge mess while on the potty, but there are not any rough edges to catch skin.Easy to take the &#34;bowl&#34; off to pour the contents in the toilet.  Even my 2 (almost 3) year old can easily pour in toilet without too many spills.I like the back and the arm rests on the sides. Makes it comfortable for the child, especially when we initially began using the potty."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "A lactation consultant recommended these bottles to me. I bought one to make sure my baby liked it before buying more. I didn't want to hassle with the disposable liners. I feel my baby doesn't swallow as much air. A lot of babies are gassy and I wouldn't blame it on the bottle.  I also like the idea of the different sized nipples to adjust the flow.  I have only used size 1 because we need her to slow down; she eats to fast and gets a tummy ache.These bottles also fit perfectly in my bottle warmer (the first years) excellent choice!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have a white crib and the last set of these I bought (years ago) were discolored. These are clear, and look and fit great on our crib. You should definitely measure the width and thickness of the area you want to protect though. I know some people did not, and wrote poor reviews about it when it was clearly buyer error. Our son figured out how to remove the other ones we had, but not these. So far, our nice crib is saved, hopefully for baby #2."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I'm in my 3rd tri and have been sleeping with a snoogle but was finding that my belly wasn't getting the support when I had my back to the snoogle --so I ordered this.  But overall, it's just ok.  It's very firm so not super comfortable but I still use it.  But I'm not sure if I would feel like I needed it if I didn't already buy it.  After seeing the Boppy wedge, I would have ordered that instead because it's much softer.  The drawback to this wedge is that if you wedge too much of it under your belly, it hurts your back --defeating the whole purpose."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These have worked very well for us.  We have power strips of a couple different sizes in our house, and this fits over all of them.  It is large enough to cover all the bulky plugs we have plugged into the strips as well.  I was surprised to read another reviewer found this too small.  I think the cover should work for most single-wide power strips; it probably wouldn't work for a powerstrip with two rows of outlets.  I found it relatively easy to open and close.  I don't think my baby daughter will be able to open them herself, and she won't be able to reach her fingers in and shock herself.  I now own at least five of these."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love the drop-ins system.  I used them for my first daughter when I went back to work and my family who watched her loved the convenience of them. I am using them again for my DCP for my second daughter. There is less washing needed during the day as the bottle doesn't get dirty.  I have never had an issue with these and was happy to find them on Amazon!P.S. There is also a system you can buy to pump directly into the bottles.  It was cheap and saves a step!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer to potty train my son.  He likes using it, and the splash guard in the front works.  There is an adjustment wheel located at the back of the seat by the handle to adjust the Toile Trainer to the size of the regular toilet seat.  We have elongated Kohler toilets and the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer adjust to fit snugly.The reason I am rating it 4 stars is the adjustment wheel started slipping after a few removal and reinstallations.  Now if I have to reinstall the seat, I pre-adjust it and then position it onto the regular toilet seat."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We own these sheets and they are great specially for my nephew..they seem \"thin\" but actually they are not to thin...i washed them many times from baby puke...these sheets has saved our travel yard from the evil smell of vomit! and i put a light weight blanket under him (on top of the sheet.) when he was a newborn/1month old...these sheets kept our play yard very clean!! and we love them and will buy more when baby #2 comes! we also have the yellow one and this green one..they both get used daily and washed daily (if puke happens) and we love the easy on and easy off!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I registered for and received these Medela bags.  After using all 50, I got a few free Lansinoh bags with my breast pad purchase.  Wow!! I will never go back to Medela.  The reason I registered for them is because everyone says they are strong and don't leak.  Well this is the only good feature.  The Lansinoh bag is strong as well, easy to close (DOUBLE zip-lock Vs. Medela's bothersome twisty ties), easy to get the air out (unlike Medela's), and the Lansinoh's take-up WAY less room in the freezer! Stacking Medela bags in the freezer is difficult because of their shape...and thawing will be difficult because I can see I'll need to watch that the milk doesn't spill out the top.  With Lansinoh I won't have to worry about that.  My medela bags haven't split in the freezer...I'll give them that.  But neither has my Lansinoh bag."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is such a great item and I can't say enough good things about it!  I use it several times a day for pacifiers, baby bottles, and breast pump bottles.  It couldn't be easier than popping things in the microwave for 5 minutes and knowing that your baby is getting sterilized items.A word of advice- be careful about removing it from the microwave.  The water inside and the steam can scald if you are not cautious.  Let it sit for a few minutes before opening, because the water can splash when opening the lid."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great gate, and one of the few with the flexibility to accommodate non-straight spaces. It's pretty sturdy, the kids shake it sometimes but it hasn't ever opened or torn from the wall. The downside (or upside, depending on perspective) is that the gate is harder to open than the previous version. The magnetic catch is handy for a quiet but easy close. I got the extension, and it still stands pretty sturdy. No regrets on the purchase.BTW, this gate works really well as a separate space for an older child to play. We use it for my 3 year old to have a space on the main floor to play with toys without the baby able to interrupt. It's nice because he feels included with everyone else there, but doesn't get upset by his brother knocking down or taking his legos. Highly recommend for that purpose. Looks ok, good if you have white for trim, but ultimately, its a baby gate and looks like one."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We orignially registered for and received the Diaper Genie and had problems with it from the day our son came home from the hospital.  When he was three days old my husband took it back to the the store and announced that he was coming home with the Diaper Champ.  We LOVE it!!!  The fact that it uses regular garbage bags is a huge advantage and we have never had any problems with the smell. . .impressive considering some of the dirty diapers I have seen my son produce.  He is now six months old and the Champ works as well as it did when we purchased it.  In addition, it's very easy to use.  Just flip the handle and the diapers fall through to the bag.  Couldn't be simpler.  We love this product so much that when I see people at the store looking at the Diaper Genie vs. the Champ I will go up to them and tell them to select the Diaper Champ."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I registered for this pack n play solely on the wonderful amazon reviews that I read. I wanted something larger for my baby to play in, and the Graco TotBloc definitely delivers.  That being said, this pack n play stinks as a napping or travel crib.  It's large, bulky, the foam bottom is thin and not very comfy for baby to sleep on, and there is no mattress option for a pack n play this size!  I took this on a trip last weekend and put the baby in there with a blanket on the bottom so she wasn't uncomfortable. Every time she rolled around, it would make the rattle toy attached to the walls of the pack n play move. It actually woke her up, and it was a long night. I wouldn't recommend this for anyone wanting this to double as a napping crib.If I had to do it all over again, I would have gone with the Joovy like I originally planned."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I am opening a home daycare and these are some of the only locks that are approved by the state of Washington. I really like the fact that they can be unlocked for long periods of time, so when I am working in the kitchen I can leave them unlocked and then quickly lock them again. They are really not hard to install, I watched a video on You Tube that showed how to install them and then went and did it.I am going to recommend these to people I know. I really think they would be great for grandparents or anyone who has young kids visiting often because you can turn them off when the kids are not there, most other child locks do not have that feature."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This product seems great.  You can use it for every purpose which involves your baby.  We have them in different sizes for the Crib, bassinett, playard, and just extra changing pads for middle of the night changes and carry around pad.  They absorb great and wash with no problems.  I tumble dry low, that way they keep their shape longer.  Take them everywhere and dont have to worry about laying your little one on hard cold surfaces when diaper changing.  Very affordable and worth every penny.  I highly recommend to every parent."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I picked this potty up 2 days ago and I really can't complain.  My daughter is 9 months old and seems to have no problem with it.  I do understand some of the concerns with pee coming out because it happened to us yesterday.  I didn't make a big deal about it and it didn't seem to bother her.  I happened to have it sitting on a waterproof pad, just incase, so nothing got on my carpet.  But she seems very comfortable on it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag. The hole to put the diaper in needs to be larger as I am now using medium diapers (I have a 3 month old) and they're on the brink of being too large to fit no matter how compact I make then and how un-soiled they are. I have no issues w/ odor but baby poop doesn't start to smell really bad till they start on soilid so odor will not be a problem no matter what till then and that's many many months down the road."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My mom said to get enough crib sheets because it was something you had to change constantly.... I now have a drawer full of crib sheets that have never been used!  This is the best thing ever!  we put one on, and have the other one for an emergency.  It is soft, the cotton is excellent quality and the work of crib changing at 3 in the morning it just went from 10 minutes to 1 minute! nothing can bit 9 minutes of extra sleep in the middle of the night"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This lid is great for my petite 3 year old to use. It adjusts to fit most toilet lids- does not fit well on grandma's already contoured seat. This is a hard, but perfectly contoured seat for a little bottom. We have the cushioned one, with little ducks which is nice, but this is really a step up. It has the nice guard in front to help minimize over shoot. I really liked this one enough to purchase a second for trips to grandma's. It is strong, sturdy, easy to clean. It comes in other colors, but I only have white. It is great how it adjusts to fit snugly with my lid underneath. Since my daughter is petite she has a hard time getting high enough to just sit- she has to \"shimmy\" and this snug lid is very safe for her to shimmy onto with out moving. Worth the extra money."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I only used this pump for the first month as I did not produced much milk but it was great when I used it. As a first time mom, I found it very comfortable and easy to use. I also sterilized the pieces after a day of use and each piece came out fine. I did find that I had to bend forward to get maximum output but it was not uncomfortable. If you plan to do a lot of pumping then getting the double pump might be worth the extra money as it is quite time consuming with only one pump. Overall, an efficient pump, no complaints."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have a very large (and very precocious) 18 month boy who is doing GREAT with this! I just came back to order another one for upstairs after carrying one back and forth for 1.5 weeks. Super portable (but easier to have one on each floor!), I've already followed another reviewer's advice to pop it in a tote bag for when we're out and about- that way, he's not afraid of using the sometimes huge potties in stores! I can't compare this to any other seats (well, we also got an actual potty chair just in case, but he's not interested), but this has worked great so far. Very comfy, and no spraying or damaged boy parts- spray guard works great."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I truly believe this is the best diaper pail on the market...  It's simple to use, can take any garbage bag, and does a fantastic job of containing odors.  BUT, my complaint is -- why couldn't they make it bigger?I've heard it's the biggest one you can buy, but I find it frustrating that my regular kitchen-sized garbage bags are only 2/3 full when the Diaper Champ requires us to remove the bag.  It's wasteful!  (I know the simple solution is to buy smaller bags, but I feel the product should accomodate the most common household garbage bag -- the \"tall kitchen bags\" -- and do it efficiently.  The whole point of getting the Diaper Champ was so that we wouldn't have to buy separate bags for it!)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this sheet because I believed everything should be &quot;form fitting&quot; if my son was to be in it - to prevent possible suffocation, choking....This sheet was so rough I could not lay my baby on it.  After washing 3-4 times with loads of fabric softener - no difference.I used it once and it's been in the closet ever since.I ended up putting a thin blanket in the packnplay and tucking it into the sides instead.  It was soft, and when my child was sleeping he didn't pull it out.If and when I use the pack and play as a playpen, I may pull the sheet out and try again.  For the basinett - don't bother."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was worried about this purchase reading all the reviews.  So far so good.  My 9 month old son loves the water we use this in the tub for bath time where he splashes and has fun. I bought the Safety 1st Splash Infant Bath Cushion, Blue to go in it.  I use that sometimes as I don't find the bottom of the tub that slippery, my son stands up in it and doesn't slip.But I was worried about safety so I purchased the cushion.We also use it for a swimming pool, sort of.  We have had some very hot days so I take it out side on my deck putting a old blanket underneath & he just sits in it and plays.I like it also when he has diaper rash as I can put the baking soda in the water to help dry it up and the height of the tub allows me to get it high enough over his butt."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This thing is the perfect height for the boys (youngest has been sitting on it since he was 18 months, and the oldest is 4.5) to sit comfortably.  It is really easy to clean and there are no crannies for icky bits to get into.  It's pretty unobtrusive color wise, but it is kind of large. There was one incident where my older son pinched his fingers between the &#34;cup&#34; and the base, but he has since learned and we haven't had any more issues.  There is a band of rubber on the base to keep it from sliding around and it does a good job, but it seems to attract all the dust and hair in the bathroom and they stick to it pretty well, so I have to use a wet rag to rub the stuff off it every couple weeks.  Overall, great product and not too pricey."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is perfect for my 20 month old.  She can sit on it on her own.  It is VERY small.  Imagine a gallon of milk cut in half.  My daughter is small for her age and it fits her perfectly.  There is no problem emptying it.  We just add a small amount of water and dump it in the toilet.  Then a quick rinse and dump that in the toilet.  This is much better than seats on the real toilet that she feels uncomfortable on.  She is relaxed on this and that makes all of the difference.  It is perfect for us, but be aware it is small."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My 4 year old son spotted this toy while we were out shopping for my 4 month old daughter. He couldn't help but play with this in the store and I thought that since my baby loves music so much she would probably enjoy this. I was a little put off by the price. (I paid a bit more than it is here) but it was worth it! My daughter was totally fascinated by the flashing lights and music and I even found myself and my son playing with it together! I'm sure as she gets older, she will really enjoy how interactive it is. Such a cool toy. And the best part? Unlike many other toys that make noise, this one is not annoying at all! The instruments sound so realistic that it's enjoyable to listen to. I would recommend this and will probably give as a baby gift in the future."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have really enjoyed having this since my son was born.  We do not use the heartbeat or music setting, but he seems to like the other two settings which are more 'nature oriented.'  I love the automatic shut-off and the voice-activated modes.We have gone through one set of batteries already, but it took seven weeks to do so.  (That includes a few nights/naps that I forgot to press the automatic shut-off)  Overall this is a great product and very useful."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got 2 of these at my baby shower (one for upstairs and one for downstairs) and I absolutely love them! They steam pretty quick and I like how you can keep pre-measured water on it. When baby's hungry I just grab the bottle from the fridge, grab the little flask of water that's attached, pour it in, and press the button. I've had to warm bottles twice sometimes but it's still faster than warming water on the stove or running the bottle under the faucet. Oh, I only do 2 oz. bottles for now."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got this carrier before my son was born. I was a nanny and have tried many carriers with babies of various sizes. This is the most comfortable and versatile carrier I've tried yet.The downsides are that it is a little challenging to use. I have had to learn quite a few different ways to carry my son, who is just 3 months old. If you don't adjust the carries you use as your baby grows, it can be very uncomfortable for both you. It is also very bulky. It doesn't even fit in an empty diaper bag. My next carrier will be unpadded."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I registered for the Ultimate Crib Sheet after reading reviews in books and online.  All the praise is accurate!!!  It's better than the standard sheet savers because it covers the entire top of the matress - not just one part.  It snaps securely in place and can be changed in seconds!  I keep the regular crib sheet on the mattress for looks only (matches bumper and skirt) - baby never actually comes in contact with it.  Get two or three Ultimate Crib Sheets for easy changes - SO much easier to change than the regular sheets...removing and replacing the bumper for those sheet changes is a huge pain and time consuming.  This product makes cleaning up so easy!  The only drawback is that it only comes in white, but since it can only be seen looking INTO the crib, it not a big issue for me."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought a Safety First Foam Edge Bumper from Wal-Mart for the SAME price as this that was only about 5ft and didn't have corners, and it was already cut into strips. That was a HUGE mistake. Comparing this set to the one I bought, it wins in every category. It contains more than twice as much foam - PLUS corners, you can cut it to whatever size you need, it bends around curves, and It's MUCH softer than the Safety First bumper!I love it, and it's perfect. It STICKS! It's 3m brand double-sided tape and it didn't budge! I suspect people who said it doesn't stick did not clean/dry the surface properly, touched the tape too much, or maybe had a textured surface. I couldn't pull mine off, so I know my 9 month old can't."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This potty works very well for us.  My son likes that it is his size (we also have a potty seat for the toilet which he isn't so into).  It is light enough that he can move it himself, but the rubber grip on the bottom keeps it from slipping when he sits.  I can see how other children may have problems bumping themselves on the splash guard, which you can't remove, but this hasn't been a problem for him.  Also, we have had no problems whatsoever with pee going everywhere as other reviewers have.Pros:Easy to cleanGrips to the floorSturdyGood colorsRounded edgesCons:Can't remove the splash guardInside bowl can be removed easily by the child"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have three children.  For my first I had a diaper genie which was not only costly with the refills but it was also very stinky. I would not recommend buying that one.  My second child I didn't get any.  Now for our third child I saw the Diaper Champ and figured why not register for it and try it out.  I have to say that I am very happy with it so far. I did dump a little deoderizer tablet in it. I am happy with the fact that I can use any bag in there and dont' have to pay out the nose for replacements.  It's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers.  I haven't noticed any seepage of smells.I would recommend it over the others on the market."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We got two of these for relatively cheap. In concept, it's great. We have one at our house and it fits all of the toilets (we have 2 toto toilets, one Kohler and one other brand (not sure which) and it fits fine). My in laws have one at their house that we leave there and their toilets are round seats (Kohler and American Standard). We've never had any fit problems.The problem is the design. Pee trickles between the plastic and the cushion and pools there. Even if you clean it regularly, it smells NASTY. If you forget to clean it, next time you pick it up, the nasty pee drips everywhere.I am in the process of ordering a different one so that I can get rid of this one. Gross."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I first purchased another bottle warmer which I promptly returned because it did not work.  I received this bottle warmer as a gift from a friend who has three children, two of which are twins.  So, I figured she knew what was good and what was not.  And she was right, this works well.  I read some of the other reviews of this product but can only say I've had no problems with this.  It's easy to use and always warms the bottle just right...not too hot, not too cold.  I'm very pleased with this product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When my daughter started rolling, it was time for a little containment -- but Grandma bemoaned the fact that none of the standard play yards had as much space as the playpens of my childhood. (You remember, the massive wooden ones Moms would schlep from house to beach to park?) So looking for roomy containment plus the convenience of a portable play yard, there was only one viable candidate: the Graco PackNPlay Bugs. There's room enough for my 7-month-old and a hundred toys, it folds easily into its shoulder bag, cleans up in a snap and the price is great. Best of all, and unlike most play yards, it's FUN; my girl could spend an hour just batting at the colorful bugs on the walls (all make sounds) and floor or giggling at herself in the built-in mirror. And as a play space, it's a happy medium between a tiny play yard and a huge Superyard."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is great!  I used to boil water to have my first child's bottles sterilized.  Then I got this for my 2nd and 3rd children.  I read the other reviews that it's much easier to just pop it in the dishwasher.  But what about for some of us who don't run their dishwashers daily(maybe because it's not a full load yet).  This sterilizer only takes 7 oz. of water and it takes 4 minutes in the microwave and your bottles, nipples, pacifiers, breast pump, etc. are sterilized.  You can't beat 7 ounces of water and 4 minutes of time.  You can't always wait for the dishwasher, which can take 30 minutes of more, plus all the water being used.  So for me, I think this sterilizer is great and it is very convenient."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have been using this seat for about 6 months with our toddler boy.  I love how it attaches to the seat easily and securely.  Once it's on, it doesn't budge, but it removes easily.  However, if our son sits down to pee, he gets pee all over the place.  Even with him holding his private part down with his finger.  The cheap \"bob the builder\" toilet seat does a better job of keeping the pee in the toilet while he is sitting.  I wish they would make the seat more compatible with boys."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have four different gates in my house, and this, by far, is the most secure and stable. Therefore, it's at the top of my stairs... the most important place. I feel like I could even sit on that gate, and it's no going to budge.When we have guests over, they have trouble opening it, because you have to squeeze really hard, but I like that I have to squeeze really hard... it keeps my child who is now a clever 3.5 year old from being able to open it do this day."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This things install quickly and easily if you're running standard cords (for lamps, etc.) though the holes.  If you want to run something thicker (like the wire on one of my power strips) I found I had to do a bit of modification to make it fit.  I ended up trimming the gap so it was larger on the backside plate and that did the trick.I think the ones I got are more than difficult enough to keep my son from opening them.  I'd consider them on the fence for an outlet that I'd want access to all the time, and someone with arthritis would probably want to stay away."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We love this tub.  We have been using it since our daughter's first bath.  It was tough to pop the tub into the expanded version, but that tight fit means it won't leak.  If you don't pop it together right it will leak.  We leave it set up in the tub when not in use so it's not really taking up any vital space.  Our daughter seems to like the sling.  She's four months old now and didn't cry even during her first bath.3/06 - We're now using this tub on child #2.  Still no problems.  This child likes it too.  Between the two girls we've been using this tub for 22 mo.  It has never leaked, not once."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I think this is a great idea. I only used it a couple times for foods. At that time she was having trouble mastering how to hold the handle and soon after that she was able to pick up foods on her own and was pretty good at chewing. I LOVE this product for when she is teething. I put a couple ice cubes in it and wet it under the faucet so it doesn't stick to her lips. She gets upset when the ice is gone. My daughter is 11 months and has been teething almost none stop since 3 months...Currently she is cutting her first molars and this helps for her to suck on it and get the cold water back farther than a teething ring would."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this product in all respects, except for the four paneled padded flooring.The design of it tends to not lay flat, once you put a sheet or a cover on it.This is a real flaw in the design.  AND, it is super important that you follow thedirections for putting this up, and be sure to use the velcro straps to securethe flooring pad in place.  Just get the help of another person to secure thevelcro straps, and you will be all set.  Otherwise, I do like the sturdiness of theside rails, and the bright primary colors.  Not the best for napping, as thebaby will continuously play with the built in side toys.  Some of the toysrattle and crinkle, and once baby finds the party, they will not want to laydown to nap.  But I still love this playyard so much, I bought two of them!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We ordered this toy from Drugstore.com, which showed a picture of an older model, not the new \"upgraded\" toy. The idea of this toy is intriguing but the actual execution of the idea is less than stellar. The \"music\" is tinny and unattractive. Apparently, the older model had better sound quality, which is why I went with this vendor. However, communicating with Drugstore.com and the whole return process is a significant hassle. The also blamed the deceptive picture they used on a glitch with the manufacturer.  I would actually recommend either getting a used model with all purple corners (the older model) or buying  it at a brick and mortar location so you can actually listen to it. If you are going to purchase on Amazon, consider another vendor. Very disappointed. I will not do business with this vendor again."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are very convenient if your child is already using the Avent bottles. If you use a Medela pump, you can get an adapter and pump straight into these containers, eliminating a step in the breastmilk collection chain.I also find that the small sizes are convenient, especially if you normally pump four ounces or less out of one or both breasts.I didn't give this product five stars, though, because, really, these are just four more Avent bottles with a sealing disc. If you have a bunch of bottles anyway, you can just buy a pack of sealing discs for about $4 and use those instead."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are nice jumbo corners that didn't make our table look too hideous, but at some point your baby's going to learn to pull them off!  This didn't happen for us for a while and I really think any other brands would have the same problem, so this one's the best in the market.  My daughter fell and hit her face on the corner guard and her mouth still bled, though the damage would have been much worse without the corner guard.  It's definitely better to have these than nothing at all."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I really liked the Medela products at first, but I never really liked these bags, mainly because you have to tie them with a folded over twist tie to close them.  If you get too much milk in the bag, it will leak when you close it up.  Then one of my bags tipped over in the freezer and it leaked, causing a frozen puddle of breast milk in my brand new freezer to clean.  Plus, the bag got stuck in the puddle.I have also used the Gerber bags, and I liked those much better."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have had this from the day my daughter came home from the hospital and it has held up in the wash. No major accidents on it but the few there were are due to my not folding up the stinky diapers all the way or her spitting up. Washes well and never shrunk for me. If you are washing it on warm your water temp may be too high(hot water heater) so that may be causing it to shrink. I love mine and it is softer now then first use and it is secure so she does not slide like when we tried a towel on the changing pad.Have had the same 2 since February and look like new. Would have given this 5 stars but this is not as soft as I had hoped...maybe expecting alot from terry cloth."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This potty is just great.  My baby has been using this since she was 9.5 months old.  I love the fact that it has a chair-back so she doesn't need me to physically support her when she's on it.  All I have to do is watch her nearby.  It's really well made and very sturdy.  Also, the basin is big enough that it holds everything without spills and mess.  She doesn't mind sitting on it for 10 monutes in the mornings to do her thing...and she does pretty much without fail.  We haven't had to change a poop diaper for weeks now.  One of the most useful items I bought for the baby!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love these pads! After reviewing many reviewers I decide to buy one and try it. It is so soft and absorbent! Mine has not pilled and has gone through many washings. I ended using it in my diaper bag since the changing places in public restrooms don't always appear clean. It fits so much better in my diaper bag than a bulky changing pad and my daughter likes better since not cold. I bought more of these and left one in her cosleeper for leaks and as a changing pad at night so no trips to nursery. Another was placed downstairs with wipes and diapers in a basket for quick changes on the couch and everyone loved using them.Great price and you will get your moneys worth out of them. They go anywhere and we left one at grandmas and one in the car for changing on the seat when not convenient to change elsewhere. Will use for next bundle of joy!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have been using this tub since my sons very first bath. At first he hated to take a bath and now he loves it. I love the fact that it folds up very easily and will fit into a closet when folded. I have never had a problem with it growing mold or smelling musty. After the bath I wipe it dry with a towel fold it up and put it in the closet. I also have a newborn to toddler tub, which is very large and I have nowhere to store it.I have never had a problem with it leaking. As long as you don't overfill it, it works just fine. I find this tub to be better than the more expensive ones. The only problem I have is that my six month old son is too big for this tub, but at $12.99, is that really such a big deal? I feel I got my moneys worth out of it. If you are looking for a tub that is safe and easy to store I recommend this one."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got it for my 1 year old son.  He likes to push the buttons and listen to the music.  It's sturdy.  He's thrown it a few times already, and it bounced off the hardwood and still works fine.My only qualm with it is that it sounds like the batteries are dying.  Some of the music just isn't the greatest sounding.  Now, he doesn't care, but as a parent who gets to listen to this for seemingly hours when it's his toy of interest, it becomes grating.  I changed out the batteries and it sounded the same.  :-/Given that I know this, I also know that he loves playing with it, and that outweighs my feelings.  I'd get it again in a heartbeat if we ever lost this!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought these to use during the day at work and so far they've worked great. They're easy to wash and dry, I just throw them in with my regular clothes. I didn't give it 5 stars because you can't wear these with thin clothes or they show. I wear them with a bra that has light padding so it works great that way, but if you wear a thin bra with a silk shirt or dress it would show. I love them though and I still have an unopened box of disposable bra pads that I received as a gift and will probably not use. I bought two packs and might get another one so that I don't have to wash them during the week. Why buy disposables? Seems pretty wasteful to me."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this potty seat. There is no foam seat for the pee to seep into. Just two simple pieces that are so easy to clean. This was the best thing I could have bought for all of our potty training kids. The lip in front looked too high at first. But actually it is perfect. Perfect for girls potty training and for little boys. I would recommend this seat to anyone who has a little one potty training. I just might keep this seat forever....I will have visiting grandchildren someday. :)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this sterilizer when I was using Avent bottles and it worked great.  There is a place for everything...bottles, nipples, and caps.  Our microwave is 1200 watts, so using this sterilizer saved me a ton of time...bottles were done in 3 minutes!  However, when I had to switch to Dr. Brown's bottles, I was in for a shock.  Apparently the Dr. Brown's bottles are just slightly taller than the Avent bottles, so they would not fit in this sterilizer standing up.  I had to lay them down and pile everything on top of them.  Its a shame because this is a great product, but I can't recommend it to people unless they know for sure they can use Avent bottles only."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Initially, I thought this was a great toy. My 5 month old didn't seem to love it, but would sort of press the buttons and screw around with it. Unfortunately, at 6 months, she can now sit up, but has little control over her body. Today, she flailed herself towards the cube and banged her eye socket against one of the corners. She has no injury to her actual eye, but she has a bruise below her eye now, and has been crying all night.I am done with hard plastic. I think I am switching to all soft toys and cubes until she is 1."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is my second potty purchase and I truly wished it had been my first. My first was the fisher price fun to learn potty, which costs about $5 more and is shaped like a regular toilet with the pretend flush handle. My son thought it was a toy and constantly \"flushed\" to hear the music instead of sitting on it. When this potty arrived and I took it out the box, he grabbed it and said \"mine\" and immediately sat down on it. He started using it the very next day and it's been a success so far. I don't know if it's the potty or if he's just ready to be potty trained (he just turned 3) but I do know that he loves his potty. I highly recommend getting this and forget about the bells and whistles of the fisher price model."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "THis has been helpful in tracking the feedings, diaper changes, naps and other developmental things for our little one but I REALLY wish they had laid it out so that you could leave it open and have the left side be AM and the right PM.  The way the pages are set up you have to flip a page to see a full day (starts with PM on the left and A.M. on the right).  It's a nitpick but if they had just let the user fill in AM or PM then the pages would be identical and you could look at a full day at a glance (with your hands full, holding a baby).  Sort of a pain to have to lean forward to pick it up and flip a page over just to see what happend prior."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got these as a gift at my baby shower, so I haven't had a chance to use them until now. Since I'm breastfeeding, I don't use them on a regular basis, just for outings. You can't pump into these, which is a bit of a hassle, but it's not too bad. My problem with the bottle is that the bags don't stay in. The ring doesn't hold the bag in, so when I went to feed the baby, he ended up soaked. Needless to say, bottle feeding that day was a disaster. If the bag would stay in, I'd say I really liked these. Unfortunately, I haven't had one bag stay in yet..."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This sterilizer is absolutely wonderful, especially if you take your baby on the road, i.e. to the grandparents' house.  If they've got a microwave, then you're ready to go.It's also very durable.  Ours gets lots of use every day and yet looks like it just came out of the box brand new.  Plus, unlike a bottle warmer appliance, there are no moving part or electrical components to wear out or break, so we expect we'll be using ours for years/babies to come."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The teether just arrived for my ten month old who seems to be cutting his second tooth.He's already figured out how to activate the vibration.  It is soft, yet has some ridges and bumps that he is pulling with his teeth and gums.  I think baby gives it 5 stars!!!There were contradictory reviews on whether the batteries were replaceable or not- the packing says they are NOT.  So unless whoever said they were replaceable is just handier than the rest of us, they do not appear to be replaceable."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "For weeks I boiled my ISIS pump parts and bottles, leaving on my non-stick pot calcium stain. As I was going back to work and my baby had to be bottle fed (thus more things to be sterilized), I found this great product and eagerly bought it. It's such a great invention! Everything (pump parts, nipples, dome caps, bottles etc) has slot of its own on the rack so they won't shift around. And if you keep the lid closed after sterilizing, contents stay sterilized for a day!Be sure to check your microwave power though, since it takes 4 minutes for a 1100watts microwave, longer for less powerful ones. Even though I have a 1350watts one, I do it for 4 minutes just to be sure!  And let it cool for recommended length of time to avoid scorching yourself.Enjoy this product and you won't regret."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This pillow is smaller than a standard sized bed pillow.  It is just enough to wedge under my hip & keep me off of my vena cava (now 7 months along.)  It does not solve all of my comfort issues, but it gives me peace of mind that I'm not laying flat while I sleep (which I find myself doing without it.)  It seems like it will fit perfectly in my bassinet after the baby is here to elevate her head.  And when I'm done using it for that, it will make a perfect knee-separator pillow.  I have already gotten my $10 worth & forsee using it for a long time to come."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I read a review below that can explain exactly what we experienced. We've had it for 16 months and it has worked wonderful for us. No smells, change it out once a week, easy to clean. Then a diaper snagged this foam material in the head part, so I pulled the rest of the foam out. Big mistake!!! Now it can no loner retain the stinkiness and we're looking for a replacement. Be careful of overloading and never take out that foam piece that is cushioned between pieces. I have figured out that it is key to keeping the stink out."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This product is easy to use, works well and is FAST . . . and everyone knows that time is precious is a new baby.  I use Advent bottles & pacifiers and they fit perfect as do all the parts to my Medela breast pump.  I don't use the sterilizer every time anymore since my daughter is a little older now.  I run the bottles & pacifiers though the dishwasher so I feel comfortable with the heat they get from that.  This sterilizer is great though as it is very light weight and easy to store in between uses.  It's up to you & your doctor whether you need a sterilizer, but if you do decide to get one, definitely get this one."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I ordered this some time ago. I finally started using it last week. It was very difficult to figure out how to use. But, once I ready the instructions a few times I got it.  My 8 month old loves all electric cords. I needed something to protect her. For the past week this has been working.Only one side of it can I get a big 3 prong plug into it. I only need 2 openings to get in and out of so it hasn't presented itself as a major problem yet. I would purchase another one of these."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have no doubt that my wife and I will be happy with the Diaper Champ (our first baby is due in two weeks).  But we have had to expend quite the effort to find one that actually works.  The first Diaper Champ that we bought had a  piston that would not drop (the plastic joint did not meet and thus caught the piston on its way down).  The replacement Diaper Champ's piston moved just fine but the drum would not flip over easily.  It took two hands and a foot securing the bottom of the can to the floor to get the drum to turn.  This is not one handed operation as the box states.  After a third trip to the store we finally found a Diaper Champ that works.  And you do not even need to ask.  Yes, it was made in China."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Baby is breast-fed and I registered for these so I could pump and my husband could feed her at night.  Our baby hated the bottle and wouldn't take the nipple.  The nipples, on the Avent, are too long and hard and would make her gag when she attempted to latch on.  We switched to the Platex NaturalLatch and now she takes a bottle.  The nipples on the Platex are much softer and shorter.  Baby switches between the bottle and breast now, no problem."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "we got this chair for our son to learn to use the potty. its sturdy and comfortable for him which is great. i like that the bowl is big enough that there is no spraying on the floor and i can actually see when he goes as opposed to him standing up for me to look. its easy for him to get on and off of by himself which is another big plus. i LOVE how easy it is to clean, much easier than the other potty chair we have which is 3 separate pieces.it may not have any fancy extras but it gets the job done!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I pressed and clicked the correct spot like it said in the directions and yet it still leaks. This was a problem because i used it on the kitchen counters for the first week. I had to put towels under it to absorb all the water. So i moved it upstairs to the bathtub and this way i don't have to worry about all the leaks. Really, who wants a tub that leaks???? My daughter is not yet sitting up on her own and yet she is too long to be reclined comfortably in this tub....so we are in an awkward transition phase. a phase that this tub doesn't suitably deal with. I wouldn't buy this tub."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The DEX Pillow is great.  I have been using it for about 3 weeks now and I am 21 weeks along.  The pillow is not overly big and fits nicely under the belly.  I tried the fully body boppy pillow, but had trouble sleeping with it and I had trouble with having to adjust it again after turning over.  This pillow is easy to change sides with.  Before pregnancy I slept on my belly.  I find that this pillow has really helped me transition from being a belly sleeper to a side sleeper."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this because my daughter has hated the pack n play from day one. She is now 13 months old and it was a major battle at each travel destination. When we decided to leave her with grandma for a few nights we knew we needed a crib.  This one is great because it is very sturdy.  The folding locks take a bit of getting used to, but they work well.  The mattress is thin and we purchased a mattress for it for about $20.  I bought portable crib sheets at Babies R Us and they work great.  My daughter sleeps in this like her regular crib and I think we will get a lot of use from it! It does fold nice and flat, but it is still large for the average car. We can put it in our Suburban.  It would be nice if they made one that has sides that fold in half for storage, but no one does! I love this crib."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My husband and I bought this changing table in the \"cherrywood\". It wasn't hard to put together--my husband put it together in a 1/2 hr or so.  It provides ample space for diapers, burp clothes, blankets, and other items you may need on it.  The table comes with a simple foam mattress, which is easily wiped off with a cloth.  We've been using it everyday for nearly 16 months, and still good as new.  No problems encountered at all."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "On more than one occassion I've had a crying hungry baby on my hands in teh middle of the night or the very early morning, and walked into the kitchen only to find that all of the bottles are in teh sink or in the dishwasher yet to be run.  It's much easier to keep my daughter distracted four the 4 or 5 minutes I need to wash and sterelize in this product than to wait for a load of dishes to run!  If this sounds like somthing that could happen to you . . . buy this product! (Or put it on your registry)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this product...  My sister in law has a baby 4 months older than my daughter, and she has a diaper genie.  She is stuck having to buy the special cartridges.  So even though the Diaper Genie is less expensive, in the long run, the Diaper Champ turns out to be the one that is less expensive.  Plus with the Diaper Champ you can flip the handle and away goes the dirty diaper. With the Diaper Genie, you have to twist the darn thing and it's hard to operate.  My mother in law almost always has problems with the Diaper Genie at my sister in laws house... she ends up cutting the bags.  When she's at my house, she can't go wrong, just flip the handle! The Diaper Champ is hands down the winner!!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a great transitional toy. We've had it since my son was tiny - as an infant, he liked to look at the lights and colors. At 18 months, he dances to the music and loves pressing the buttons. I don't think he fully gets the concept of adding and removing instruments to the orchestra yet, so once he figures that out, we'll have many more months of fun with the music cube. The music is pleasant - my only complaint is that it only has one volume setting.One word of caution, if you have a climber - this toy makes a great stepping stool for toddlers who like to climb out of their cribs. :)We love the music cube - highly recommend it!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I know that every doctor says an oral temperature doesn't count, you have to take a rectal one.  But seriously, I hate taking my sons rectal temperature.  It is gross, he is squirming around.  Yuck.  This is so much easier. You pop it in their mouth, couple of seconds later, you have your temperature.  I have found it to be really accurate, unlike the ear one, which reads completely different on each ear.  Plus it is so small I bought a second one for our diaper bag.  Super convenient!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I only used these with my first child, now 7 years old.  I am pregnant with my 2nd and with certainty, will use these again.  Why they are amazing:1.  The liners are so convenient.  You use them then throw them away.  No bottles to clean (build up of disgusting old milk, especially on those long trips outside in the spring/summer), and you don't need a lot of bottles, I had two of each (2 x 4 oz and 2 x 8 oz bottles).2.  After mixing the formula or using expressed breast milk, simply squeeze the liner from the bottom of the open-ended bottle and all the air is out!  This lessens the gas and projectile vomiting.3.  Many options of nipples and they are the only thing you need to wash/rinse/sterilize.A lot of my friends use Dr. Brown and they rave about it, but after I talk about the Platex system, they are sold."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Great product for our little one.  We put the baby tub in the big bath tub and our little one loves to take baths.  The first time we used it I had a hard time locking it but once I got it locked there were no problems.  I like the whole set up especially teh suction cups so it doesnt slide around, the sling to keep the baby laying on an incline is great too the perfect height to keep the baby happy.  It also has a removable bath ring, that she will be using when she can sit on her own."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought this a few months ago and after reading a little about it, I thought that I wouldn't use it.  Boy, was I wrong.  I use it for all sorts of things.My niece dropped a sippy cup of juice in my car that wasn't discovered for a week.  I washed the cup.  When I removed the valve...NASTY.  I don't think it's ever been taken apart and washed.  After a second washing, I put all of the parts in this and let the microwave work it's magic.I love the lift out tray because whatever's in there that I'm sterilizing isn't sitting in the water.  It can also hold the Avent Isis breast pump.  The sterilizer is actually a great place to store your pump when it's just been cleaned and not in use."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Both of my boys (1 and 2.5) love stacking and building.  They also love cars.  So this was an obvious choice for a great toy for them.  They both love these cars!  All of the cars have a little &quot;surprise&quot; (the ladder on the firetruck &quot;clicks&quot; as it raises up and down, the siren on the police car spins, etc.) &amp; they are all numbered which is great for counting and number recognition as they get older.  They're also a great way to teach abstract concepts like smallest, bigger, biggest."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have had this product for 2 years now and it works great! We hang it off the side of the changing table and it keeps everything handy. The plastic is thick and it is very well constructed. The only issue we have with it was keeping the box of wipes from moving about in the space for the wipes. We just use the plastic flip top box the wipes come in and it isn't a wipe warmer so it is smaller. We couldn't take a wipe out of the dispenser using one hand without either lifting the lid off the box or lifting the enitre box. To solve the problem, we just bought industrial strengh velcro and attached it to the bottom of the box and the \"lid\" of the diaper depot. Great product after this minor adjustment!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "HI, I HAD THESE BOTTLES BACK IN 2002 WHEN MY SON WAS BORN BECAUSE THE HOSPITAL GAVE THEM TO US TO USE TO FEED THE BABY. I HAD NO PROBLEMS BUT WHEN I BOUGHT MORE WHEN I GOT HOME, I HAD NOTHING BUT LEAKY PROBLEMS!!! I EMAILED AVENT 2 TIMES AND THEY TOLD ME FIRST THAT I HAVE TO CALL THEM TO \"TALK ABOUT IT\" I SAID FORGET IT AND THEN I COMPLAINED AGAIN WHEN THE LEAKING KEPT HAPPENING. THEY SAID THAT I WAS NOT PUTTING THE NIPPLE AND RING ON CORRECTLY. THEY TOLD ME TO ONLY TURN THE RING UNTIL U FEEL IT JUST ATTATCH TO THE BOTTLE AND DO NOT OVER TIGHTEN. I TRIED THIS AND YET AGAIN THE BABY WAS SOAKED!!! MY POINT OF WRITING ABOUT THIS NOW IN 2005 WHEN I USED THESE BOTTLES IN 2002 IS THAT I CANNOT BELEIVE THIS PROBLEM HAS NOT BEEN CORRECTED YET!!! WE THINK WE HAVE ANOTHER BABY ON THE WAY AND I KNOW THAT WE WILL NOT, NOT, NOT, BE GETTING AVENT BOTTLES!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My son loves to play \"dino world\" just about every day!! The tub is great for storing the set & theres plenty of room for more things.  We keep a bunch of blocks and small cars in there to add tothe scene and creative play.  The mat it comes with is kind of a joke , lasting maybe one day.  But that's no reason to not buy this.Like others, we purchased thise elsewhere for MUCH less than the 60-something Amazon is currently selling it."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I wanted to love this, but it was pretty expensive for only a few months worth of calendar pages.  I ended up buying a regular weekly planner - 55% OFF! - The Planner - that is 8 1/2 x 11 and has all seven days on the right page and the left page has room to write a To Do List and Goals.  I found this to be more helpful because I could mark each day's eating and sleeping blocks, then also see them side by side - I could see her patterns more easily with a weekly view.  This planner was cute, just not what I wanted."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "when i became pregnant i planned on using these bottles, i bought everything bottle warmer,sterilizer,breast pump, and a ton of bottles and nipples. well 2 weeks into using them i threw them out the window. my daughter had  very bad gas. when i switched bottles the gas stopped. Plus the bottles are  expensive......you  have to keep buying new  nipples there are sooo many different sizes. a waste i think, most bottles have 2 fast or slow but there seemed to be 4 different sizes or more."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This book is such a life saver.  It has been so helpful to be able to go back to track trends, answer pediatrician questions, or communicate with each other when you are up at different times of the night with a newborn.  I think it is one of those things that everyone should be required to have before they leave the hospital.  We went through all the pages of the newborn version, then moved to the infant version, and will finish up the second infant book (third total) right as our baby turns 1.  See other things that are must haves for baby at [...]"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got this product as a combo with the Avent Sterilizer.  ((Side note: the Sterilizer is a MUST HAVE item!!))It's nice to have a place to warm the bottle, and it does cut down on wasting water (vs the other method of a bowl of warm water).  The biggest plus is it's faster to prepare.  The problem that I had with the bowl of water method is that I would over heat the water then have to do a cool down process.  I thought this product would help with that but it doesn't.  You can get the water to almost boiling.  You have to time it, but again, it's fast and ready to go in 6-7 minutes."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This was great for helping me keep an eye on my little one while I worked. I was working from home, and most days I was upstairs and on the computer. Once she could crawl, she started crawling toward everything dangerous. The litter box, the stairs, plugs, you name it, she found a way to get to it. I bought this and it was great! We even purchased the extension kit, so she basically had the whole room, yet was contained. My oldest son even liked to get in with her to play so she was never &quot;lonely&quot;.I also used this outdoors a lot during summer months. My family is big on campfires and cookouts and this was a great way to ensure her safety, yet not have her confined to a play pen!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We've been using these bottles since our son was 1 week old, and they work great. He had no problem with nipple confusion switching between this bottle and the breast. We've had no problems with leaking, and I love the fact that you can convert the bottles to sippy cups later.One note for breastfeeding moms -- your baby may be able to use the #1 nipple for much longer than a formula-fed baby, since it more closely resembles how the milk comes from you. So wait before buying #2 & #3 nipples, because you may not need them!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I started the first month of motherhood washing and sterilizing bottles multiple times a day. Then I came upon these Playtex nursers with disposable liners, and now I only use a regular bottle if I have to.  Valuable time has been saved, now that I'm using these things instead!The only caution I have for others out there is to be very aware of the measurements. Because the liners can accommodate 8-10oz of fluid, don't trust the measurements on this. I noticed the difference when I poured 5oz of pre-measured milk that had been stored in a milk storage bag, and when it was in the Playtex bottle, the bottle indicated only 4oz of fluid.Aside from needing to be more conscious of the measurements, this bottle liner system has been a life changing discovery for my household."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This seat has such great reviews, I didn't think I could go wrong with it. We've had it for over 2 years now, and I'm getting fed up with cleaning up the mess. At first the splash guard wasn't tall enough, and everything ended up on the floor and on my son's clothes. Now, that he knows to tuck it inside and keep his legs closed, the mess is on the regular toilet seat. I have to clean the toilet seat every time I lift the BabyBjorn potty seat. Also, it would have been nice not having to remove the seat every time, and just flip it instead.Anyway, an overpriced item in my opinion. And I can't believe it has such great reviews. Maybe I'll change my mind about it once my daughter is old enough to start using it. But for now, not very impressed."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It is a small pillow, most useful underneath another pillow to give you a little elevation. It's really too uncomfortable to lay directly on it, maybe if you just wanted to put it between your legs it'd be okay. I don't think I'd call this a \"pregnancy pillow\" - it's too small. My wife needed full upper body elevation and a pillow 1/4 the size of her back (and only 4\" tall) isn't going to help. However this worked good for just head elevation (with another pillow on top)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I borrowed this item from a friend when I had my first child.  I loved it!  It stores a stack of diapers, a case of wipes, diaper cream, lotion, etc.- all within reach.  What I liked best was when friends and family came over to help out with the baby, they could clearly see where everything was to change baby's diaper.  Also, the plastic is clear, unlike a fabric diaper stacker, so you can clearly so how many diapers you have handy.Loved this item, will probably buy it for myself now that I'm pregnant once again!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My child at a year old can sip out of them but a lot does come out.  He is getting better now after a few months of having them.  He throws this on our hard floors and nothing comes out!  It's a great cup that way, totally spillproof!  Playtex does make insulated ones which in my opinion are a lot better for two reasons.The first reason is that my childs hands do not get cold while sipping from cup and second the drink stays a lot colder a lot longer.  The valves are easy to put in and take out, my child only has water and milk still so I am not sure how well they will work for juice."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "As I am wtitng this review my 5 year old son just re-discovered this set, since I had it at the top of the closet. He can play hours with this great quality dinosaurs he got for his b-day. He had a few more, big and small ones that he just added to this set, so it is pretty amazing what he does when he's playing with all of them. The quality of the mat is awful, but you really don't need the mat for this set."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These looked huge when I took them out of the package! Don't worry they will shrink down a little after the first wash. These are absorbent and great for burp cloths because you don't have to worry about staining them. They are very easy to wash and could potentially be bleached. After the first wash, they might not be as soft was you would wish but after a few washes this is not an issue. In short, I love them. I have 2 packages of them and I use them every day. I have cute ones that I might use outside of the house, but these are definitely my first choice.My auntie recommended them to me and I am very thankful for that! She used them with her kids and they are now a necessity in my house."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These nail clippers are dangerous and I threw them out a long time ago.  I tried to trim my 3 month old son's nails, granted he is the fidgeting type.  Just as I was about to clip one of his nails, he jerked his hand and I accidentally cut off the tip of his finger.  His finger bled, my son cried and I panicked.  Thankfully it was a shallow wound which healed quickly and did not do any serious damage.  But if I knew how dangerous these clippers were I would never have used them in the first place.Instead I use baby nail scissors by same company.  They are VERY safe.  I have used them for over a year and have never had any accidents.  I shudder to think of using nail clippers again, especially now that I have to chase my son around the room to cut his nails."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My daughter received this as a gift when she was born and when she was on her tummy I used to line them up for her to look at and try and grab.  The bright colourful colours really held her attention.  When she was sitting we played the &quot;Mummy stack them, Baby knock them down&quot; game and &quot;peek-a-boo&quot; with the smaller colours under the bigger cars.  They proved to be a favourite for pushing around the floor as she was crawling and something to chew on (especially the small green one) when she was teething.  At 2, she still sometimes gets them out of the toy box to stack and knock over.  She is now teaching her baby sister the stack and knock over game!  Great for learning big and small, colours and numbers.  Good value!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I'm not judging anyone else, but I was very surprised when I read how many people wrote about these coming off or being pulled off. I guess my daughter never tried very hard, but they are really stuck tight. I've had one set for about 14 months, and bought a 2nd set for another table about 8 months ago, and they're not going anywhere.  I can't speak to them hurting the finish of the wood, since I've never tried to take them off.  They don't look too bad either, since the dark color matches most of my furniture. I do wish they came in more colors for some of my lighter wood."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This item has been a life saver for me!  Not only does my child love it but it's the only thing I can distract him with while dressing him (he apparently HATES putting sweaters on). I can hit one of the sides and instantly get flashing lights and music while I try to squeeze a sweater over my child's head. My child loves it because it's easy for him to hit and acheive the same flashing lights and music.  The music is good and there are a lot of different choices."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Bought this to keep my toddler from unplugging some important plugs (ie: tv, chest freezer, etc) It works very well and is extremely secure. I actually have a very tough time getting into this. The narrowness makes this not work for adapters or thick cords. And the two small openings at the bottom of the unit are for thinner or normal sized cords only. I had a hard time getting my thicker cords through (the surge protector and chest freezer cord). I actually broke the bottom section that separates for two cords off so the larger cords would go in more easily. When I did this I was actually only able to put one cord per cover. Recommend this just for thin plugs, no adapters. Good buy for the price."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is one of my twin sons favorite teethers, but they are only six months old and right now it is too heavy for them to hold by themselves, so we have to sit and hold it in their mouths for them.  This is not a huge deal, and I'm sure in another month or so they will be able to manage, but I just wanted to let other parents know that this is not something you can just hand your baby.  Having said that, when we do hold it for them, they love it and want to gnaw on it for at least 15 minutes or so.  Also, it is different from other teethers in that when they are done using it, they don't seem like they are still in pain and need to go gnaw on something else.  They actually seem like they feel better, so we are able to give them less ibuprofen which I feel is really a good thing."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "These are fine for standard, thin power cords.  We have had one in place that the kids have never dislodged despite two years of trying.  But they will not close over the heavy, thick cords like those for microwaves, computers, or power bars.  We finally ended up attaching ours to the wall with duct tape to cover those cords.I am giving this three stars because it does work fairly well for thin cords, and because I have yet to see anything better out there.  My advice?  Invest in duct tape."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "What I like about these pads are the way the don't slip around at all when you lay them down on carpet or flannel sheets.  My daughter has started resisting being changed on her changing table, so I use these pads to change her on differnt floors in our house.  And awhile back when she had a particularly upset stomach and lots of diaper blow-outs we kept her on top of these pads all day, whether she was sleeping in her crib or anywhere.  They worked wonderfully.  They come clean easily and I don't mind that the cotton pills up.  That helps to keep it from shifting on carpeted floors."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love these and will be buying more.  I like that is made of tissue paper and nothing plastic.  They absorb pretty well--I admit that when my son decides to pee in the middle of a diaper change the sheet does get wet very fast, but 95% of the time it doesn't leak into my changing pad sheet. I usually throw away the wet peewee pad right away so it doesn't have time to leak anyway. These really are a lifesaver and save me from excess washing of the changing pad cover. I only wish that Amazon sold the 108 ct instead of just the 36 ct pack."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This headrest is perfect.  Since day one my daughter has been comfy using this.  When she was teeny tiny the insert kept her head from flopping forward.  Now that she is bigger we use it without the insert and she's still happy.  At 4 months she has wonderful head control, but I wouldn't put her in her carseat without this.  I tried the head rest that came with her Graco car seat and it was terrible.  It sort of lets her head roll all over when we carry her from the house to the car.  For a small baby I wouldn't even think about using the flimsy headrest they give you with the seat."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Someone told me not to get the Diaper Genie, but invest my money in the Champ.  What sold me on it is that the Champ uses ordinary garbage bags, nothing proprietary.  As my baby gets older and the poops get stinkier, we do have some odor problems, but we tend to cram the diaper bags as full as possible.  If we changed it every couple of days, there would probably not be an issue.  When we smell something, we change the bag; problem solved.  My only *real* problem with it is that, now that my son is walking, he likes to put things into the hole and turn the handle to watch them disappear.  I keep waiting for the day when he throws away something important and I don't catch it!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "If I had to freeze breastmilk, this was great because I didn't have to put a lot of plastic containers in the freezer (we could use them to feed the baby instead).  They were easy to dispose of if they outdated (there is a place to label them with the date).  I usually put 3 of them in a freezer bag as a double layer of protection against leaks and freezer burn.  None ever leaked for me.  They thaw easier and faster than in hard plastic or glass containers, too.  Very convenient."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "why do I love this play pan?  Very simple:1. Great quality material; sturdy and safe2. Large with lots of space (my grandson crawls around).  Can fit two kids!3. Very easy to assemble!3. Very colorful!  Bright beautiful colors.  My grandson looks at it and want to jump from my arms inside of the pan.4. The colorful patches around it are toys!The toys are:a) A beautiful butterfly with wings that when squeezed it make a dried plastic sound (he loves it)b) A lady bug that makes sounds alsoc) A sun with a mirror (safe for babies)d) A bee with playful wings, which also makes soundsI strongly recommend this play pan!  My daughter has another one, not Graco, that is half of the size.  It is nice but not eye catching like this one.It is worth every single penny!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It holds almost a week's worth of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.  At first I had a problem with some smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!  It is also to wipe clean if you do get the chute a bit dirty.  I second that you just need to fold up the diaper (with wipes inside) neatly, but that is not a big deal.  The latch isn't terribly difficult, and I wouldn't want it to be too easy since it sits in my son's room."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My 2.5 year old just wants to play with this and not use it as a potty. She discovered that the seat insert makes a great cowboy hat and is also fun to stand in and push around the house and put her toys inside and underneath it. I tried every rookie mom mistake to get her to take it seriously and nothing seems to be working. She only wants to potty train on the real toilet and, hey, that's not a bad thing. Just wish I knew before I bought it! I'd suggest starting with the real toilet and a seat to fit on top before buying this. Otherwise, it's a great potty chair! I think it's well made, a good size and has a nice simple design. That's why I gave it 4 stars."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The shipping was quick. The colors are pretty but the sheets themselves are not soft. That was disappointing to my daughter who I bought the sheets for and of course to me. They are not inexpensive so I expected more. I purchased five sheets to go with the co-sleeper I bought her for their first baby. We have not assembled the co-sleeper yet but when I received it the box was all torn and dented. Looking at it the contents looks okay, but we will see when the my son in law puts it together."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I can't speak highly enough about this chiller/warmer.  Every night I know I will not have to go downstairs to get a bottle, warm it, and bring it back up while baby is crying.Now, all I do is take the bottle from the chill compartment (complete with ice pack), and place it, with a capful of premeasured water, in the warming compartment and hit a button.While I change baby's diaper, the bottle is warming, and I am ready to go.  This equipment has been a godsend.  Actually, I can't think of any equipment that I could live without less.No complaints whatsoever about this great bottle warmer."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I did my research on a walker and decided on this one thankfully. The wheels move great. Very loose. If you get one and the wheels are tight, call Graco and have them replace it. It rolls well on carpet tile and pavement.I love the fact that it has the removeable noise making device with an ON/OFF switch. It takes 3 \"AA\" batteries. It can get dirty on the tray under the noise device too.My 4 mo. old son loves it. I love it. When I go to the gym, I throw it in the back of the truck. Then just take it out of the truck, put the boy in, and roll him right into the gym. He lets me run on the treadmill for an hour when he's in it. Very handy."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We are fortunate in the design of our computer desk.  A baby safety gate did the trick for us. Instead of installing a power strip safety cover, I purchased an inexpensive tension safety gate (ten bucks) and pushed it way back under the desk against the wall with all the cords and boxes (routers etc.) behind it.  Keeps his little hands out of everything and I still have room for my chair & feet.  Still trying to find the best solution for protection for 2 other strips in our home. Seems like nothing is perfect."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "It does the job, but does it make the loudest noise doing it.  My husband said it sounded like I was milking a cow.  I would have opted using a double breast pump, but it was much more pricier.  After two months I found that it was harder to express breast milk using the same suction as before.  I don't know why.  The pump was fine and working the same, even at the highest level, my breast would not fully be expressed.  I had to just ditch this item in the end."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have used this tracker for all 3 of my children and swear by it! It is super easy to leave by the baby's changing table or crib and jot down things throughout the day (feedings, dirty diapers, nap times, etc). I also used it to jot down other important &#34;mile stone&#34; things that I would have quickly forgotten&#8230;like outings, temperature readings, visits from friends to meet him, calls to make, when we stopped swaddling him, etc. I was able to use it as a resource when (many months later!) I went back to formally fill out his baby album since I would have forgotten so many of those valuable little tidbits of information & memories."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Many kids have been able to remove safety devices in less than 30 seconds.  It takes less than 5 minutes for a parent to leave the room to get something and return to find their child hanging from the cords...DEAD!!!  It is safer to spend the money and go CORDLESS!!!  But if you must keep your corded blinds, get the Fashion Wand (approved by PFWBS).  Go to Parents for Window Blind Safety (PFWBS) website and read all the testimonials of kids who died or were severely injured by blind cords.  Watch the videos they have of kids bypassing or breaking safety devices on cords in less than 30 seconds.  And then decide if you want to install a safety kit or remove the danger altogether."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We used this potty chair for both of our daughters, who potty trained at about 2.5 years old.  Its simple design is absolutely ideal for use and cleaning.  It's comfortable for toddlers to sit in, as well as easy for them to lift out the bowl and empty into the toilet themselves.  The splash guard molded as part of the bowl is excellent, providing protection as well as not being an impediment to the child sitting down.  (I can't speak for how much protection it offers for little boys, however.)  The smooth plastic without any real corners or edges makes cleaning effortless.  Plus, the rubber bottom really does keep the seat from slipping across the floor.  Plus, as an added bonus, it resembles the potty seat depicted in the \"Once Upon A Potty\" video, so the kids can easily connect the concept to real life.  I highly recommend it, and can't imagine using any other seat!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The Baby Tracker brand books are the absolute best of the trackers that are available. You can track naps, feedings, diaper changes, activities, and notes. They're easy to use and have a nice clean layout.I started using the Newborn Baby Tracker, which tracks nights and days. It gave me a nice way to track feedings and note important milestones. Once I used up the entire book, I bought this Baby Tracker, which tracks only days since my daughter is sleeping during the night now. Her caregiver notes her activities and sleeping times during the day. It's a great way for me to know what happened. Plus, it's nice to be able to look back and see patterns or trends."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I kept thinking I must be doing something wrong.  I'd read the directions again and try again.  Another, stinking, melted bottle!  And the milk would be scalding hot.  If it didn't melt the bottle, the milk would still be cold.  I also had a problem with my playtex ventaire bottles leaking from the bottom into the warmer.  Then I had the smell of burned formula in the kitchen.  Oh!  And it melted that bottle too!I'm going back to the old fashioned way.  I'm going to heat water in the microwave and let the bottle soak in it.  It is faster, less messy, and lots cheaper.  Don't waste your time and money."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My mom got this tub for my daughter right after she was born.  We have used it since she was able to take a bath, and she's 4 months old.  I liked that it could be folded, but I never actually put it away unless we have company since I use it daily.  It does leak at the hinges.  My daughter is very comfortable in it.  Since she was born in the winter, I gave her a bath in the bathroom so that I could get it really warm.  It does fit in the kitchen sink though.  I still give her her bath in the bathroom, and just sit her tub in the big tub.  It uses less water, her head is elevated, and she's a little higher.  She hasn't outgrown it yet, and has plenty of room. It is a great tub, and a great price!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This product is great.  It's not super easy to install (each lock requires 6 screws plus one hole in the door).  If you take your time, ready the instructions, plan it out, and execute; it works great.  You have to be patient.  Each door took me 5 to 10 minutes.  In less than 1 hour I was able to unpack, read instructions, plan, get my tools, and have it done in 4 doors.  I think it won't work with hollow doors or maybe doors that are too thick but mine were pretty standard.I love how it's hidden and pretty sturdy due to having a bunch of screws holding it.  The adhesive ones are easy to install but I bet my son would open them in no time."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got this as a shower gift. The first time I used the tub my baby kept slipping around in the tub. She wound up sideways in it during the entire bath and I never used it again. I would just as soon put her into the bathtub and put a couple of inches of water into the tub and bathe my baby that way rather than put her into this contraption. I am a RN and quite used to giving baths in different settings so it is not inexperience talking here. I currently put her on the safer bather (read my review) or put her in the tub alone. Baby loves bathtime and is 6 months old.Lets just say that this tub is downstairs with the rest of the lawnsale stuff for this year....."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The opening on this is too narrow to accommodate iPhone/iPod/MacBook adapters.  If the cover were taller, it wouldn't be an issue because the whole adapter could fit inside, but it's not.  It's just too short, even for the smallest of the Apple adapters.  So I had to return this anyway, but if I'd kept it, I would only have wanted to use it for a power strip that I never need to add/remove plugs on -- the tabs to open the cover are a serious pain...and ironically would be easier to open if my hands were smaller."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I used this tub after borrowing from a friend because our Four Stage Bath System was so bad it was cutting up my baby's legs.  This was okay - soft all over, no problems like we had with the four stage, however because it folds the hinges tend to leak.  Also, you can't fill it to the level you would want because of the way its reclined.  The back is still very slippery despite the nonslip matt.  We only used for a few weeks before just bringing her in the tub with Mom and washing her that way."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We've tried a few different brands of potty seats, and this is by far our favorite. It stays in place when kids climb on and off instead of slipping or tipping like some other seats. Unfortunately we changed our toilet seat/lid combo to one of those slow close plastic ones that has the removable hinges for easy cleaning, and the Baby Bjorn training seat doesn't fit it. Also, after about three years (and a couple of kids) the black rubber handle on the back started to break, but I consider that minor wear and tear. Overall, I'd recommend this seat above others on the market. It safe and looks nice."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have four of these covers- one blue, two green, and a yellow.  They definitely make the changing pad a more comfortable surface for our baby- he loves just hanging out on them.  We leave a lap pad on the cover which is the first line of defense against accidents during changes.  This somewhat reduces the frequency of cover washings.  Some people have noted that they find these covers unnecessary- I'm sure the changing pad would be adequate by itself, but I just feel like the whole area is cleaner when I can throw the cover and pad into the laundry.Be advised that all our covers did shrink slightly after washing.  They do, however, continue to fit well on the pad.  The colors also faded slightly with washings."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This product is a major piece of garbage. You will NEVER get your milk to the right temperature no matter how hard you try. It will either be cold or it will be scalding hot. Also it creates a smell that smells like burnt hair which is worrisome considering others who reviewed this product (at least 4 people) said that it catches on fire. We were using dr. browns 2 and 4 oz bottles and sometimes the 2 oz would be cold while the 4 oz would  be way too hot. We always ended up using the tap to correct the temperature and it took forever. We just bought the dr browns delux bottle warmer and its AMAZING! It remembers how long it takes to warm any particular amount and you dont have to fill it up with water every time the way you do with this. Remove from your registry, return, or throw away if you have bought this product and go with the dr browns instead."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We recently moved into a new house and bought and installed 3 of these gates. Within one week, our 13 month old broke two of the gates. Once by holding onto the rungs and shaking the gate the other time by grabbing one of the rungs when he tripped.Both times the rung popped right out breaking at the top and bottom. This left a gap in the rungs wide enough for our son to stick his head through which means he could get past the gate if we kept it up (which of course we didn't.)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have been using nothing but these bottles for the first 6 months of my baby's life. Yes they WILL LEAK if you don't pull the nipple all the way through. But that is an easy fix! I never had an issue with my baby falling asleep during a feeding or the flow being too fast. And colic has never been a problem here either.I breastfeed and pump for my baby and I found that she went easily from bottle to breast as early as 2 weeks old. I attribute it to the unique design of the nipple which encourages her to open her mouth wide instead of tucking her lip in to suck on a smaller nipple.Also these can be converted to sippy cups. They are very durable as well and so easy to clean. I threw all the other bottles I got as a shower gift right out in the trash - my baby will not drink from them."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "The Avent pump in this kit is very good. I also like the carrying bag, which is subtle and good for work - it can even be used as a lunch box when you are done breastfeeding.However, the nipples in this kit are very hard and the speed on the slow flow was far too fast for my newborn (when I tested the milk on my wrist, I didn't get a drop - it squirts). There are better bottles out there too, that keep the baby from getting too much air. Instead of the Avent bottles, I have started using the Playtex nurser system - which means I pump into the Avent bottles and pour them into the nurser (the Playtex system sells a kit with a pump adapter - but it does not work with Avent). This has worked fine for me, though if I were not pumping at work I would not pay the extra money to have the kit. Since I pump at work, the insulated bag is helpful."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My son loves this.  He likes the &quot;kangaroo&quot; position best. He was actually crying the first time we put him in it this way, and stopped immediately.  DEFINITELY make sure the one you buy comes with the video, though.  At our Babies R Us many were just in plastic bags (returns?) without the book and video.  They are a must.  The usual type carriers which have baby putting all their weight on their pelvic bone aren't good for their developing bones.  Slings keep the baby in more natural positions."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I choose these bottles because they are very popular but then realized that the size of them are so large that the baby never really seems to be able to get a good hold on them. I started bottle feeding at 6 months and ended up having to switch and buy an entire new line. After my son turned 1 began to wean him off the bottle and introduced the avent bottles again just to see if he could hold it and it was still way to large for him..... I guess these bottles would work if you plan on bottle feeding a toddler with big hands"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I didn't think I would really use this and I was wrong.In the hospital they were constantly asking &#34;when was her last diaper?&#34;, &#34;when did she eat and for how long?&#34; - ummmm I was on pain killers for a c-section and a mass of hormones. I finally got this out and started keeping track using this.Yes, you could just use regular paper, but I liked the layout of the pages and it was just what we needed a we slowly lst our minds for the first 6 weeks.I an on giving this as a shower gift to the next first time mom :)"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This nursing stool drastically improved the usefulness of my old-fashioned rocking chair as a place to nurse my newborn. Prior to the stool my lap was slanted in a way that made it difficult to position baby and my back was leaned too far back to be useful. The stool converted my lap into a flat horizontal stretch that could support my baby and improved my posture so I didn't end my sessions with a backache. However, I also found it useful while nursing on the couch or other armchairs (same benefits) and my husband loves to use it when he is getting baby dressed after a bath as it helps him keep his lap horizontal as well. An added bonus is that it is incredibly easy to put together (5-10 minutes tops) and comes with it's own allen wrench tool."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is a no frills, easy to clean, comfortable potty...just as a potty is supposed to be. I wanted something that would be comfortable for her little bumbum but nothing that would distract her from the job at hand. The price was definitely a plus as well. She is 2 1/2 years old, at 29 lbs and 34 inches and is on her way to becoming fully potty trained. Cleaning is pretty easy, I wipe with Clorox Disinfecting Wipes 4-Pack: 1 Fresh Scent, 2 Lemon Fresh, 1 Orange (78 Wipes Per Canister - 312 Wet Wipes Total), wash with hot water and spray withClorox Anywhere Daily Sanitizing Spray, 22-Fluid Ounce Bottles (Case of 9)and let dry or wipe dry."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is an awesome product!  Once you get used to using this product, it is a huge timesaver.  It took us three tries to get the amount of water right so the bottle would be the right temperature (not too hot, not too cold).  Before going to bed every night, we put two bottles and the ice pack in the cooler section.  When the baby woke up, we transferred one bottle to the warmer.  It was usually done warming before we finished changing a diaper!  You may want to order an additional ice pack so you'll always have one ready in the freezer.  This bottle cooler/warmer makes it easier at night when you want to get back to sleep as soon as possible!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I can't express how much I love this play yard. My son has been using and playing in this since he was 5 months old and he is 15 months old now. The bright colors, designs, and toys caught his attention right away. When I put him in other play yards we have, he won't stay in it long and wants to come out right away, but when we put him in this play yard he is completely distracted and has fun playing in it with his other toys. There is a lot of space for him to move around and it is very sturdy. I also love how easy it is to set up and take down plus the carry bag makes it easier to bring when traveling back and forth to his grandma's house. I would definitely recommend this to anyone!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this gadget.  I bought two extra bases for my infant car seat for both my husband's and my mother's car.  Unlike my car, there center seat has a harness strap.  Those are hard to get really tight.  My center seat has just the lap belt and it was easy to secure the base.  With the harness strap it was just too hard to get the seat in tight enough.  With the mighty tight, it was a snap.  You just hooked it in, cranked it, and voula!!!That seat isn't going anywhere.  I love it.  It is easy to use, it makes the seat secure, and it is sturdy.  You must have this if you are trying to secure a seat in a position with a shoulder harness."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My son and I love this potty. I never had a hard time training him to use it. In fact, I only told him once what to do, and he was using it since then. He seems to be very comfortable with it that he seems to actually enjoy sitting on it while making poo and playing his toy ramp & cars at the same time. He also likes using it without doing something else so I know its not about the toy. He loves that he can be independent & his potty makes him feel that. My son is 2 years old and weighs 32 lbs. Cleaning is also very easy, even without a liner. This happens when my son would use the potty on his own without a liner. I only have good words to say about this potty. I have no complaints at all."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "You know when you're child free and buy great furniture? You can't fathom the day when you'll have to apply foam to your beautiful wood table so your child doesn't go head first into the sharp corner?  Those days are now a distant memory and you bite the bullet and apply a foam guard.  Then you go to take it off because your child has spilled parmesan cheese and... what...the? The wood came off.  The WOOD came off.  I expected to have to use some Goo-Be-Gone to get off the adhesive but this actually destroyed the table.  Not like a dent that could be sanded.  I piece of wood literally splintered off.  So, while this product will protect your kid's noggin, don't put it on a piece of furniture you like."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "When we were potty training our daughter, my friend told me that the toilet trainer that goes on toilet might be better to use over the one that sits on the ground because if they get too used to the one on the ground, they may be scared to go on the toilet since it's higher up.  So we bought this one and even if they are still too small, you don't have to worry about them falling into the toilet because of the way it's made.  My son is 11 months and he can sit on the toilet on this and we don't worry about him falling in.  He may try to get off but we just sit there too and bring toys or things for him to do while he sits there and then he doesn't try to climb off."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I run an in-home daycare in a townhouse in addition to having my own young children.This gate is by FAR the sturdiest gate I've used and it is my absolute favorite.  I have 4 different baby gates.  We used it in a previous home to surround the fireplace but have it in use for keeping children in the playroom across a large doorway now.The gate is attractive, too!  I don't feel like I'm keeping the children \"trapped\" like with other gates.My only issue is that my oldest daughter figured out how to open the gate at the age of 2.  However, by then she understood and obeyed when I told her WHY she couldn't go through the gate.This gate is also taller than the average baby gate, which I love for my 12 month old climber.  She stacked pillows and climbed over the first gate I installed in that doorway."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Initially my husband and I decided not to purchase a diaper pail because we wondered what was the point, diapers stink and no matter how much money one spends on a diaper pail it's going to emit odors and smell bad. Then, when we were changing diapers ten times a day we decided it would probably be easier to have one, especially for the middle of the night diaper changes. Several of my friends disapproved of the Diaper Genie and recommended we purchase an inexpensive diaper pail that uses regular garbage bags. We took that advice and selected the Safety 1st diaper pail and we are pleased with the product. Odor-Less - No. We empty it as needed, usually once a week, and realize it's a diaper pail - just as our garbage pail in the Kitchen needs to be emptied daily someday so will the diaper pail. I place an aroma jell in the little basket which helps with the odor."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was so excited when I recieved this tub thinking it would last for years. Well, first you can NOT use it in your home bathtub, because the suction cups will not adhere to a non-slip surface. Most tubs are non-slip, that's what the little bumps are for in your tub. This was fine though, I planned to use it on our kitchen counter. No matter how hard I pressed on the middle \"locking\" device water always leaked out onto the counter and floor. This tub is more trouble than it's worth!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love the size and sturdiness of it! Gives kids more play room than the average playpen. It also holds up well to our large baby playing wildly in it. She loves the various objects on the sides and the different noises and such they have to offer. We haven't traveled with it so can't comment on the transportability. The pad that comes with is not waterproof and even with a thick quilted cover under the sheet tinkle still leaks through to the pad so I suggest getting a plastic cover for under the sheet. Overall a great buy!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have been having horrible back problems since the third trimester of my pregnancy. And things got worse when my son was born. I simply could not get comfortable while breastfeeding, and was having trouble maintaining good posture, so my back was getting worse and worse. I ordered this stool thinking it would help me get comfortable and sit straight. Unfortunately, it has not helped me at all.I think one main problem is that I am very short: 5'1\" and change. When I sit on my couch, my feet don't reach the stool. So it doesn't help me there. While I sit on the miniature recliner in my baby's room, my feet do reach, but the sticky pads on the feet of the stool are not sticky enough. So if I put any weight on the stool at all, it slides away from me in seconds.This is a nice product, and well made. I just wish it worked for me. :("}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My 15 month old still enjoys this toy after getting it for Christmas when she was near 9 months. She didn't quite get it at first since she was so young, but through the months she's enjoyed pushing the buttons, watching the lights go on and off, hearing the music, and now at 15 months knowing that the different buttons do different things. My only complain is that there are a couple of songs that get old quickly, but I guess that comes with every music making toy! I like that it's colorful and the education it provides with the instruments (mommy and daddy are crazy music lovers) as well as the simplicity of the toy. Hopefully she'll enjoy it for a few more months!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was using a basket to hold wipes, lotions, etc and keeping on the changing table.  My daughter is growing and is very long so the basket was in the way.  I looked everywhere for a hanging basket but couldn't find one I liked for a decent price.  This diaper  depot is absolutely perfect.  It hangs perfectly on my changing table.  I did put a piece of fabric under it so the finish doesn't get scratched on the changing table.  I love having everything right there at changing/dressing time without taking up drawer space."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Works well as diaper pail, but it's awesome as a bathroom garbage can.  No mess, no smell. Very easy to replace garbage bags, you do not have to touch anything.Got it as a gift, and was very skeptical about it at first. (It's only 100ft to the garbage  shoot outside the apartment).  That opinion changed quickly after the first night I had to wake up to change diapers.It holds about 2 days of diapers so never get a chance to stink things up.  Besides you baby will probably poop only 1-2 times /day."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I needed a solution for a sharp tile step down into my living room- every time I stepped down I envisioned my baby cracking her skull on that :( I was hesitant to buy this, though,  because I was skeptical that it would stick and chocolate seemed like the wrong color to match my tile. It sticks really well- we'll see how it holds up over time- and the color looks great against my taupe tile. It really doesn't look cheesy at all. We're going to use the corner pieces on a table of mine and I've already checked the color there too. Not great against some sort of reddish brown wood, but miles ahead of the hideous Safety 1st Expandable Table Edge Bumper. This stuff gives a perfect fit since it's cut to fit. The expandable thing doesn't fit the sizes listed (no way it will work on a 90 inch table) and it looks like a pair of hand-me-down training pants from the 1970s."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I thought about getting the diaper genie at first but then did some research. This is the best for your money! Not only was it less expensive than most other diaper pails, it also works the best. The only time smell escapes from it is then you open it to take out the bag. I really love how you don't have to buy bags for it, and that it takes perfectly good trash bags. That will save you a bundle of money alone! It works really great for us and we wouldn't use anything else. I wish it would hold more diapers but I really can't complain. Don't buy anything else!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This book keeps my 2-year-old entertained for a decent amount of time, and I like that it's washable.  It has a good number/variety of activities in it, especially as compared to other similar types of books.There are some activities for babies, but I think toddlers/pre-schoolers will get the most use out of it.  My daughter has a hard time getting the snaps on/off (they require a little extra &#34;elbow grease&#34; and/or for you to hold down the fabric on the page).  There are also some &#34;older&#34; activities, like the clock, or tying a shoe.Overall, good purchase."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This pad has worked well for my son. He is 3.5 years old and we are trying to potty train him through the night. It's nice not to have to wash an entire sheet and mattress pad every time he has a small accident. It has never leaked and it's been washed many times and still retains its waterproof quality. The only reason I took off one star is because it's a little stiff and he was resistant to having it on his bed at first. He got used to it and now it is working fine."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Our house is a front to back split. We have a lot of stairs. 5 openings to stairs! These gates have been great for my sanity. At first we bought a big playard gate that we opened up to cover two sets of stairs. I had to climb over that at least 100 times a day! Now we have these walk-through stair gates which are easy to use when holding the baby. Before we also had a gate that just expanded to fit the door way and was attached to walls. I was always concerned my daughter would fall down the steps if the gate gave way because she would pull herself up on it. These gates I know they are locked and they are much sturdier. I like that they slide back and forth; it's easier to get through entries.We used wood that matched our stair case so that we didn't have to drill into the post of our railing. I highly recommend this gate."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I am so pleased that the Contoured Changing Table Pad has so many choices in color for its cover! I purchased the lilac, and a white cover and they both go well with my nursery decor. I only wish I got more that two!These terrycloth covers are thick, absorbant and easy on my newborn's skin. The only problem I have with them is that they shrink a little when you wash them. So, when you go to put them back on the pad the fit is a bit tight, but I find they pull out pretty quickly to thier normal size. When they do finally get to small to fit the pad I will go out and buy some more! I mean it's terrycloth, what do ya expect? Besides, the darn things get all kinds of yuck on them all day. They are going to take a beating being washed all the time as it is. They are totally worth the money to replace! I would buy them again!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Not sure why this got bad reviews.  There is a slight issue with locking the tub in the expanded position, if you don't snap it in right, it will leak.  But once we figured that out we had no problems.  We used the product starting at about 8 weeks when our son outgrew the sink but was too tiny for the tub and we stuck this tub right on our countertop for months with no problem.  Now we use it in our regular tub and it saves us from having to waste a tubful of water for one tiny person to bathe.  Our son is now almost one and he still loves this tub, great value!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Despite the concerns about BPA we are using these bottles for our daughter, and using canned formula to supplement breastfeeding. The concern with BPA seems to be heightened when the bottles are washed with hot water, or sterilized at hot temperatures. We bought this sterilizer, but have stopped using it. However, we still use the dishwasher, which is fairly hot. I am keeping an eye on Avent's statements:[...]We keep using them because they seem to be really excellent bottles and nipples, she feeds easily and doesn't get a whole lot of gas. The nipples are designed so that you can graduate her to faster flow nipples as she gets bigger. We are hoping that the BPA concerns will turn out to be unwarranted."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This has been a lifesaver!!! It can sterilize 5 small bottles & nipples 5 minutes at a time!!! Just add the correct amount of water, pop it in the microwave, and go!!! It's saved me so much time and hassle... At first, I didn't think that I wanted to spend the money on a sterilizer when I thought I could boil them myself for free, but this has more than paid for itself in it's first 3 weeks of use... A definate must have for new moms!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I recommend the large quilted multi-use pad in addition to the mattress pad.  I have about 4 of them and they are essential.  I use John Lennon receiving blankets (6 is a good number) with the quilted multi-use pad underneath to be prepared for spills and smudges on my contoured changing pad. I do the same on his crib to save me the headache of changing crib sheets which are very tedious to get off and on. It's nearly impossible to do when you've had a c-section, and not a good idea to strain yourself."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Highly recommend this to all parents with Infant and Toddlers. This is such a great playpen to have in your home as an alternative to the crib. My son loves to play in it and also sleep in his playpen which we put in the living room. We bought this together with some fitted pack n play (Graco Square Play Yard) from SheetWorld on Amazon (if anyone is interested) and the sheets totally fit the square pad that comes with the playpen. We also made an extra padding cushion so it would be comfortable for our son to sleep in. You can also fold this up nicely and make it compacted for traveling if need to. This is a great purchase! :) You will not dissapoint."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was a bit hesitant to buy this booster, although it came highly recommended.  I felt like it was overpriced and essentially offered nothing...boy, was I wrong!  I've been using this booster for 2 years now.  It has been used by my 3.5 year old and his 2 year old brother.  Both of them LOVE it.  The seat is comfortable for them to sit on, unlike the hard plastic seat we had before it.  It doesn't slide around on the chair, and it is SO easy to clean.  I also like that it is easy to take along if we're headed to grandma's house.  No extra straps, trays, or pieces to worry about! I don't have a single complaint with this seat after 2 years of use...it is well worth the money!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This IS a great potty. Easy to clean and simple in design, HOWEVER, if your son has learned to stand up to pee, then be prepared for messes and spills over the bowl and under the bowl to clean up.  Of course, we are teaching him to aim in the bottom of the bowl, but in the meantime, we continue to clean up under the bowl because he aims toward the backside of the potty, which then leaks underneath the top piece and onto the floor.I still give it 4 stars because of the simple design, and I love that you just lift the top part and clean/empty it.  I would've gotten their one piece smaller potty, however, my son is 2 1/2 and a big boy, so I wasn't sure if he would fit on the seat."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My baby is two years old now and he loves his pacifiers. I bought this when I was pregnant because I thought it would be a brilliant way to measure a babys temperature but I was wrong... As a new mom I was wrong about a number of things... this was one of them. No baby is going to keep a pacifier in his mouth long enough to actually get the temperature measured if it is not his (her) pacifier that he (she) loves and always uses. Any baby will identify this as a strange object and spit it out immediately, its too heavy. Especially if the baby is not feeling well. Don't buy this. Get a real thermometer."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I bought and returned the other popular brand of power strip cover because it doesn't fit iPhone/iMac chargers.  This one does.  And it adjusts lengthwise so you can make it pretty long if you need it to.  Some other reviews mention the size of the opening on the top - it's true, it's surprisingly wide, I can usually reach in enough to pull out a plug when I need to, rather than opening the whole thing.  So could your kid conceivably pull one of your plugs out when you don't want him/her to?  Sure, but the cover is also tall enough that it would be pretty darn hard for them to stick their fingers down into the open sockets.  Bottom line: treat this as a deterrent and not a substitute for knowing when your kid's playing with power cords."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I got the Medela bottles because I intended on breast feeding my child. Unfortunatly I was unable to do that. But these bottles work wonderfully with formula!My daughter retains much less air with the Medela nipples and she seems to prefer the shape as well. I found that when I sterilize Gerber nipples they become \"gummy\" and \"sticky\", but the Medela brand holds up very well in our sterilizer.I think the Medela bottles stand the test of time, which ends up saving you money in the long run and my baby LOVES them!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We have a Baby Trend playyard, and these sheets fit perfectly.  I only use the sheets when we're traveling and my son uses the playyard to sleep in, and I haven't had any problem with the sheets coming off during sleep (and he's pretty active at night!).I will agree that these sheets are lint magnets.  Also, they're not the softest sheet in the world, but that does make them a bit more durable.  However, since we just use them at night, I would have liked a bit softer sheet.  The sheet is also quite thin.The best thing is to not have high expectations for this sheet."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I would have been okay with just the table corners. I have a glass table and I was worried about my 1-year-old niece visiting.The corners helped a lot as did putting a tablecloth over my table. There was no way the table guard was going to work around my glass table even with the tape included though. It's for a much thicker table and my glass table was too thin.Also, my niece is still crawling so the guard wasn't necessary. Even when she stood up, she couldn't reach the table and she was safe as houses in her booster seat and high chair."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We got this for our 7 month old twins who have just started sitting up alone but are still a bit wobbly.  The tub is really cute but the bottom panel on the one we got had a leak and would not stay inflated, which completely defeats the purpose of creating a soft surface for them.  We ended up putting the infant bath sponge that we used when they were newborns in the bottom and sitting them on that.  They had a great time splashing and playing.  It's a great tub if you get one that holds air."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I love this toy for babies. They have so much fun rolling it and hitting the big buttons to make beautiful music. I love the bouncy ball style corners to keep baby from injuring himself. I love the classical music that does not sound like your typical synthetic baby music. However, I not only have a baby, but two toddlers. This is a heavy toy. It hurts (a lot) when thrown by toddlers. (It does stand up to the beating, so that is a plus.) It also seems to attract use as a step stool since it is a cube & has resulted in quite a few falls. Take this toy away when they are toddlers! And if you have both a baby and a toddler, don't let either play with this toy! It just doesn't make for a very good combination."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I am breastfeeding currently but I do like to leave the house every so often. When I get the chance I'll pump directly into one of these bottles using the Isis pump. I love the nipples of this bottle because they are the most like the human nipple and my baby has not developed nipple confusing because of this. One thing that all Avent users should know...if you read the directions carefully for the pump, the makers tell you not to use anti-bacterial soap on any of their products. Doing so can cause the plastic to crack. I just wash all the parts as directed using regular dish soap and then sterilize all the parts using the Avent sterilizer. That too is convenient and easy to use.I would recommend these bottles to any woman who is breastfeeding and will have to return to work. Yes, they cost more than most bottles, but if you can afford that little extra you will be very pleased with the results."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have 3 boys and this is the solution for our needs. I like it is made of hard plastic instead of the foam type seat, easy to clean. It has a nice shape for sitting. As far as a boy doing number 1 while sitting on the potty, he has to lean forward or you will have a mess to clean up. That doesn't seem to be a big deal to the boys. It has a nice loop on the top so we can hang it on the toilet with the potty hook and it is adjustable to fit different potty hole sizes. Seems very durable. I have one in every bathroom."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I received a different nail clipper as a baby shower gift. It had a plastic cover over the top of the cutting end of the clipper, similar to this one, but with a plain white handle instead of the cute bumble bee:Sassy: Bumble Bee Nail Clippers. It was terrible. I couldn't see my baby's finger nails at all and it wasn't sharp enough.Then I used this Safety 1st Nail Clipper at my mother's house. It was so much easier to use than the other one. The size is perfect for her little fingers. I could easily see my baby's nails and clip them without fear of cutting her. The handle fits nicely in my hand. And the blade is sharp enough to cut the nail off in one clip. I bought one for myself and it's the only one I'll use now."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I was hoping to find a more eco way of dealing with leakage than using disposables. These work in terms of absorption for me (I should qualify that to mean I leak but generally during feedings or at night and not profusely, but enough to soak 50% of the surface of my bra at a time).Unfortunately, they are so thick they show through my more tailored clothes (flowy, patterned tops seem to remedy much of this problem). The stitching is rough and itchy. Once the pad is washed it's very ripply and won't sit flat (which is the biggest annoyance for me). They're great if you plan on being a slovenly hermit at home, but I wouldn't want to wear them in public."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We bought 2 of these, and used them to block off the computer desk from the rest of the family room, and to block off the 7' wide archway between the kitchen and the rest of the house. We soon found that while these are very sturdy and adaptable, they are tall enough that they are a hassle to step over. At least once a week, my husband or I will catch a toe or scrape a shin stepping over. So if you intend to use this fence as a corral, either indoors or out, this is a Great Buy. If you are planning to use it as a fence to block off a wide opening, pay the extra money for the metal version with the gate. you (and your toes) will be much happier."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This playyard is amazing! It's such a good deal for the money. It makes the other playyards look like a joke! Most other playyards are dark and the mesh is dark so your baby can't see out and therefore wants to get out asap. This playyard is really bright and gorgeous, and the mesh is clear so baby can see out. It looks inviting and fun to be in there! Also, other playyards are uncomfortable- no wonder your baby screams to get out- the floors aren't thick enough and the support bars can be felt through the floor. This playyard has a really thick, high-quality floor that is comfortable and baby could sleep on. Also, this playyard is really big- huge!- which makes it way nicer for baby. I am so glad I found this playyard online!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I tried to use this power strip cover for about 2 months when our twin daughters were 8-10 months old. It was frustrating for my husband & I -- hard to get the power strip inside, hard to keep things plugged in, and too big to hide out of the babies view (not to mention that it's bulky and a bit ugly). For the babies, it became yet another interesting thing around the house that we had to wrestle from their hands. They were able to unplug the cords easily and were starting to reach their fingers into the top hole when I finally gave up on using it. Yes, the cover did keep the babies from actually touching the outlets in the power strip, but I could have accomplished the same thing with a couple of normal outlet covers.In the end, I rearranged our cords making the power strip & this cover unnecessary. It was just too annoying to keep using the cover."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My son is huge and long for his age.  At 8 months he was way too long for the changing pad and his feet were kicking off the products and wipes at his feet.I ordered this product and it got everything off the changing table so he fits now with leg room to kick away without hitting anything.  Wipes are right there and we put a kleenex box in the diaper dispenser (the diaper dispenser isn't great--I'm not sure how it works w/o you grabbing more than one at a time.  We put the diapers on the shelf right under the table and put products and stuff in the lion heart thing.A MUST HAVE!!  I love this product."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This is challenging to get open and closed for the adult in the equation. There are a series of little pegs that must fit into little holes to get it to latch. But they are quite challenging to get to line up correctly and heaven forbid you need to get it back open. Now you would think that that's the point of the power strip cover, right? Except the hole that allows the cords to come out the top is so wide that my 9 month old just sticks his hand right inside and can put a finger in the socket. It does come w a couple outlet plugs for the extra slots in your power strip, I was just hoping this would work a wee bit better. If all you really need is to prevent your child from unplugging things from your power strip, than this will work for you."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This one is the best and a must have! Don't waste your time or money on the other ones.  The Diaper Genie is way too complicated.  It's a trash can so it should be simple.  I shouldn't have to read directions on how to use it!  This one is great because it is so easy to use, I never smell any odor, and it uses normal trash bags!  Why spend money on special trash bags?  I like the cheap roll of scented trash bags for like $2.00.  They work great and they are small so you can keep them in the nursery for quick and easy trash changes."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I used this tub with my 1st son almost 4 years ago and now I bought a new one for my 2nd son born this year.  Living in an apartment, this tub is great for small spaces.  I use it in the big tub and when I am done, I just rinse it and leave it to dry.  When dried, I fold it and put it in the cabinet.  The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because I had to buy a sponge to use on top of this in order to keep my son from slipping.  But considering it folds for storage, that was not a big issue.  It's a great tub otherwise."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I recieved this as a shower gift and began using it when my daughter began to crawl.  It was better than any play yard because there is much more room for toys and for baby.  As she grew (and the number of toys as well), I purchased an extension to make the area bigger.  It was great for both indoor and outdoor use.  We also used it to block the large open area between our kitchen and family room that no other gate would be large enough to cover.  Now that winter is here and she is running about, we are using it to block our wood(pellet) stove to prevent any accidents.  We also plan on using it around our Christmas tree again this year. Other reviews have complained that it is not sturdy or difficult to set up.  I have never had a problem and it folds up and stores easily.  Well worth it for it's versatility."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Love that these are cotton - texture is great and they are actually much softer than they look. We don't actually use these for diapers.  I bought them as \"temporary burp cloths\" while deciding on some others.  I now use these exclusively.  One thing I love about them is that they wash very well - I don't spray them with any stain remover and they come out clean every time simply using Dreft detergent.We also use them to \"catch\" my little boys' geyser, as my husband refers to it, during diaper changes.  I think these would also be great for household cleaning as well (I'd use separate ones for those).  These also make a great light-weight, breathable blanket for blocking the sun - we live in Texas, so this is a huge plus!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We bought this primarily because it had better reviews than the Diaper Genie when we bought it and that we don't have to buy special bags. I love that you can use trash bags. I haven't had a problem with the bag not being full enough. For one, when the Champ is full the trash bag is a bit more then half full, but is also very heavy so you wouldn't want anymore diapers in there anyway. The only problem I've found with it was when my sister-in-law put my 2 year old nieces diaper in there and the smell lingered a bit. Her diapers are MUCH different then my 3 month old son though. So overall I love the Diaper Champ!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Though this is a nice sturdy potty seat and would probably be perfect for girls or larger boys, it did not work for me.  My son has to hoist himself off and on the potty as he is not yet tall enough to rest his feet on the foot stool while using it.  The pee guard is so large that I was seriously concerned about his \"equipment\" being damaged in the process of trying to stand up. I recommend the Arm and Hammer potty seat over this (much cheaper too)."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I own two of these potties.  We're practicing elimination communication and these potties are the perfect size for infants!  I love that there aren't any extra bells and whistles to get in the way of easy clean up.We have one in blue and one in yellow.  My only complaint is that the yellow one came with huge black scuff marks and scratches all over it.  Even with extensive scrubbing, I can't get all the black off.  Obviously, this doesn't affect useability, but I feel robbed paying full-price for something that looks like it's been thrown under a bus.  I'm sure Amazon would have accepted it as a return, but what new parent has the time for that?  Big disappointment!  Especially since the yellow color was sooooo cute!  Way cuter than the blue - which, in comparison, seems a bit dull."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I absolutely love the idea of this crib sheet. After receiving one as a gift I immediately tried putting it in the crib. To my disappointment, the elastics at the corners will not fit around the wide posts of my crib. For those of you that have Italian made cribs (I have a Baby Italia), this sheet may not work for you either. This should come as no suprise since it is also harder to find crib bumpers that fit correctly too. Needless to say, if you have an Italian made crib, keep the packaging and the receipt. You may find that you'll have to try another brand."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "This pad is perfect for our playard. I put it under the sheet and I have no worries about trying to clean the matress board since the material cannot come off. It is very soft, provides an extra layer of padding since playards are so hard, and it can be washed and dried in the machines no problem. Even when we go on vacation we pack it up with the playard. Great investment for your babies saftey, babies confort, your sanity (when trying to wash the playard matress), and what makes this even better is the price!!!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "My son has had this teether since he was 3 months old. I thought maybe he's just too young & not interested in it(even though he did have 2 teeth already) He is now 8 months old, and still isn't very interested in this teether. The reason I bought it was because it was in-expensive and easy for him to hold & pick up. He would rather pick up a toy car, or some sort of stuffed toy, which I understand every child is different. My only big complaint - the star bead on the end. It is hard, and pointy. If it catches my son's sore, in-coming teeth the wrong way, he will cry. Other then that, the colors are great, and definitely catch baby's eye. Overall, it's an OK toy for the price."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "Now I know why the cheap potty seats are so cheap. Wish I has been able to see this side-by-side with the cheap ones. If I had this would have been the one I would have bought. This potty seat is well designed, doesn't rock, and is one piece. It's adjustable and easily fits the toilet at my son's house and the one at my house. My granddaughter wouldn't sit one the \"cheap\" one bought originally but really likes this one. Dry days are coming soon, wish they had these when my kids were at this stage."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have this playpen for about a month now but is still never used by my 6 month old baby. He cries whenever I put him in. I like it because it is huge and cute. What I do not like is that it lacks cushion. It is hard, not soft that I'm afraid when my baby rolls over, e would hurt himself. I am waiting for my baby to grow up a little more, may be he'll like it when he is already able to stand. I hope he would."}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I nursed our son for about 7 weeks without this, like many mothers, slouching and what not was killing my already injured back, a friend of mine had one and i tried it...loved it! Ordered one for myself and cant do without. Even ordered an addiotional one for my grandparents house that we are going to in the next week in another state! Highly recommend and I will definantly be using this for our other babies to come!Thanks Medela for once again, making an outstanding product...also...If anyone is having problems with there child- reguardless of age-- lactching on or nipple soreness or whatever......I recommend the medela nipple shield, I used it for latch on problems and immediately my son nurses just fine, its for temporary use but I have been using it non stop sense my son was born..keeps me from being sore! You can buy it at Target or anywhere Medela products are sold.I own the pump in style advanced... get this one, its worth every penny!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I am very thankful I chose this particular pack-n-play. I've seen the ones my friends have for their babies and I definitely got the best one!!! It also folds up easily and stores nicely. It is a little heavy, but they all are to me. It is sturdy and I think it will last. Sheets that fit this particular model are pricey, though, as it's not the average rectangular shape. Other than that, it is perfect! My daughter loves it and so do I!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "We bought this gate for a opening between our foyer and kitchen. We ended up buying one extension and are very pleased!!! We put it together in about 30 minutes. It's great because you can bend it into whatever configuration you need. For us, we were hesitant to drill into our walls but didn't have another solution. Now that it's installed, we definitely feel like the safety and convenience factors far outway the problem of drilling into our walls.  I definitely recommend this gate!!"}
{"label": 3, "raw": "I have been using those for months and will keep using them. They are convenient because it is easy to prep a per-sterilized bottle without having to worry about cleaning bottles. I usually rotate with 4 nipples so I always have at least one clean to put on the bottle and it is ready.The bags don't seem to collapse as the milk is drunk. This might be more an issue with the bottle itself than the drop-in.First few times I wasn't careful in positioning the drop in and ending up pouring the most of the milk on baby due to a bad leak. After doing that twice I was more careful in positioning the drop-in.Conclusion it is a great idea, time saver on cleaning."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've always had fine, straight hair. In the 80s, I used perms to help, but I didn't want to fry my hair the rest of my life, so I looked for alternatives.I went through all kinds of styling tools fromRevlon RV261 20-Roller Ionic Professional HairsettertoConair CD103JCS Satin Finish 1-1/2-Inch Ceramic Curling Iron, and then some...even hair products like Aussie Instant Freeze Hair Spray Extreme 7 oz..I finally stumbled across this triple-barrel iron. While it takes much longer to style my hair, it doesn't fall flat after only a few hours...in fact, I've had my waves last overnight.I would not recommend it to someone who is in a hurry, or anyone with shoulder-length or shorter hair...if you don't have long hair, using this iron will make you look ridiculous."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I LOVE this stuff. Too bad I just discovered this last week & it has been DISCONTINUED! I'm so upset!I used it this morning & then said to my husband \"How does my face look?\" He replied \"like you have on make-up\"  I don't wear ANY makeup so my complexion is important to me. This does the trick! Makes my face so clear and radiant. I've used it for a week on my combination skin at it's the best cleanser I have ever used.I will have to buy this where ever I spot it because I can't stand the thought of being without it forever. I just found another bottle today so maybe when I'm all out I'll giveAveeno Active Naturals Positively Radiant Cleanser, 6.7 Ouncea try."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Highly recommend for oily skin. Could be a little drying for other skin types, though. I have had excellent results with this product, and I have tried EVERYTHING, both over the counter and prescription. I find this works best during my \"downtime\" from Renova--I take 3-6 months off after an 18-month stretch to give my skin a break. During the down time I use ROC at night and this in the morning. It mimics the dermatologist-prescribed routine I am normally on, just gentler. Be sure to wear at least SPF 15 when using this product!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It's whatever.Been using the whole month but see no difference, maybe it's just me?Anyways, it shouldn't take more than 2 weeks to clear up your acne and maybe 2 months to completely rid of the scars. The pills didn't do much as far as I can see, but the cream helped a bit. But you have to mix it with moisturizer or you get SO DRY!And don't even think about putting make-up on over it because you'll get cakey as as a burnt biscuit.idk, guess some ppl had success? It's cheap so you have a 50-50 chance of it working, it may be worth a shot. but didn't work for me =/"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is by far the best sun block I have ever used.  It goes on well and does the job it says it will, totally blocks the sun.  I used it in Florida recently and never burned and I have skin that burns within 20 to 30 minutes of strong sunlight.  Also this did not cause any irritation to my super sensitive skin.  I use in whenever I see that we are having a sunny day as UV rays penetrate car windows.  The key to using this product is to put it on about 20 to 30 minutes before going out and to reapply every three hours or so."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I recently purchased this from a local store, I have to admit I only bought it because it was reduced price.  But I have be using it twice a day for two weeks and the difference in my skin is very apparent.  I am a black 46 yr. old, since using this my skin glows, my cheeks are naturally rosy, my skin tone is evening out and my pores look better.  And my skin is so soft like a baby's.  I will be definitely be using this for quite some time, and the amount you get 6oz. is quite a lot of product.  In addition to my face and neck, I have be using it on hands and they are smoother and less wrinkled.  I wish I could bath in this stuff.  I would highly recommend it and there was little to no smell from the product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The cotton on these unravels every single time I use them! I didn't have any troubles with the stick bending etc, but the cotton issue is terrible!! I bought these since they were on sale so cheap - 2 bucks - but now I regret it.I usually buy generic ones at the Dollar Tree, for a dollar of course, and those work perfectly well and NEVER unravel on me. I figured for the price, I'd buy these QTip brand, but boy was that a mistake. I can't even believe these things are so poor in quality, but yet the price is premium. Ripoff."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I ordered this because I needed a face moisturizer for nighttime wear.  I have had great success with Ester C creams - I am not old enough to have any severe wrinkles but it seems to be stopping what little creasing I had starting in its tracks.This cream is heavy and smells good.  I mixed some argan oil into it for an extra boost.  So far, my face feels very good after using this and I'm glad it comes in a very generous container for the price.  I would definitely recommend trying it, especially if you've been using stuff from a drugstore or supermarket - it's definitely nicer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I had been using the DivaCup for a while and had a lot of success with it, but when I lost it a friend  gave me a pack of the softcups she had used once and didn't like. I thought since I had liked the other brand this would be much the same way... it wasn't I don't know how many times I tried to readjust things and try different angles or higher/lower inside the vaginal walls, I couldn't stop the cup from leaking. It wasn't horrible, but it was enough to ruin a couple of pairs of panties which ensured that I wasn't saving money on this alternative item and that I won't be using the brand again. It was an utter disappointment... I'd say try another brand instead like DivaCup or Lunette, I had good experiences with both."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This powder has a wonderful, fine, silky consistency and a pleasant smell that doesn't linger. It goes on smoothly with the included puff and controls shine for a long time--maybe not all day, but for several hours, at least. I have mostly normal/combination skin, with a forehead that can get oily and cheeks that tend toward dryness; this controlled shine all over without making any part of my face dry or itchy. It didn't reveal flaky patches or make the thin skin under my eyes look wrinkly. It's difficult to evaluate the finish because it doesn't really match my skin tone. I would expect a powder that only comes in light or medium to be more neutral, but this has a noticeable yellow tone."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased several bottles of Suave Professionals Humectant Moisture Shampoo when Amazon had it on sale for $1.24. At that price, it was a real bargain. It is a decent shampoo, that didn't dry out or leave my \"normal\" hair greasy. The shampoo is a poor man's Nexxus or Paul Mitchell formula. Having used both of those over the years, the Suave version isn't as good. If you have dry or damaged hair, you may want to look elsewhere. Also, the current Amazon price is $5.99. There is no way I'd pay this for a Suave product. If you can get it on sale, and have \"normal\" hair though, I can recommend Suave Professionals Humectant Moisture Shampoo."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This Conair hot brush has so much quality built in at a sper low price.  Even auto-shut-off!Great size for short to median hair or just curly styles.  Many heat temp selections sogentle on hair.  Use on DRY hair !  Heats fast, easy to hold without burning fingers.Better than curling iron because it grips the hair easily.  Same results, but much faster.Leaves hair super shiny as the barrel is ceramic.  Nothing else on the market that has this muchquality at such a low, low price.VERY, VERY SATISFIED CUSTOMER !!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I never thought a body oil would be so great.  When I hear \"body oil,\" I think, \"greasy,\" \"thick,\" and \"gross.\"  Neutrogena body oil is none of those things.  I squirt a little in the tub when I run a bath, and it keeps my skin from drying out.  After I shower, I put it on my legs and they never get dry, either.  It's so light that you don't feel it at all, and the scent is very light too.  I did, however, order the unscented version for when my current bottle runs out.  My husband is hooked on this stuff too.  We keep a bottle in the shower, and when we turn the water off, we just put some on our arms and legs before we get out.  That way, we don't have to use a lot of heavy lotions instead."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Wow this stuff is garbage. I am so perplexed by all the great reviews. I have very fair, sensitive skin with mild/moderate acne. I have been looking for a good facial moisturizer for years and thought this would be my answer. Nope. It's not a cream, it's runnier than regular lotion and upon application it feels like a gel. After 10 minutes it feels like I put nothing on my face, in fact it makes my face feel a little tight. I look in the mirror and see dry patches. I am so disappointed, I just can't trust reviews anymore. Only good thing about this product is that it has no fragrance and doesn't irritate my skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My wife likes this mascara as it thickens and lengthens without clumping. She has a favorite mascara and this one is as good as it is. She also likes that it is washable and easily removed.She doesn't care for the brush as much as others she has tried but she can live with it. One issue that frustrates her though is that the brush is short and it cannot reach the bottom of the tube and she feels that you cannot use all of the mascara that is available.She rates this at 5 stars and would buy it again. I have posted a photo for your information."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product really takes the gunk off my face.  I have been wearing Liquid eyeliner and that new gel liner in black a lot and when I use other cleansers for my face I still look like a raccoon under my eyes and residual makeup stays...but not with this product.I love to wear makeup and I must admit I dont normally take it off at night because Im too tired-but this product make its so easy to take my makeup off easily and with little effort.It is a foam pump but it comes out with a slightly creamy consistency which works very well.the only gripe I have with this product is that it doesnt feel refreshing after you clean your face-it just does the job I think it would be nice if it had a cooling effect to it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Years ago, I bought a similar towel from the Body Shop (I'm talking fifteen years ago) and was terribly upset when it reached its final days.  I searched but couldn't find a similar one on the market.  When I saw this as a suggestion for me (thanks Amazon) I read the reviews and purchased it. Now I haven't had it long enough to notice any kind of smell, but I immediately noticed the difference versus a regular towel.  I have fine hair that doesn't take too long to dry, but I like to get it as dry as possible before I expose it to the heat of a blow dryer.  Not only am I going to order a couple more for me, I plan on ordering them this Christmas as presents for the girls in my life.  Don't hesitate!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Best hand cream I've ever used, and I NEVER use hand cream. This year, I got a puppy and with it comes a lot of mess and handwashing. Top if off with my working in the food industry + new York winters and you've got dry, painful hands. I tried many MANY different creams at a drug store one day - 2 hours worth of searching from the least to most expensive creams lead me to this one. It has a light leather smell, so definitely good for men also (I like the smell of leather, so Im a big fan, even as a lady). I put it on after Ive washed my hands and it is thick, rich, and I enjoy massaging it into my knuckles. Once it's on, it doenst leave a sticky or greasy film, just lovely moisture and no dryess. I have a mini tube in my handbag, large pump at the office, an 1in my home. I like the stuff to say the least!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I TRYED AT LEAST TWO TONERS BEFORE AND NOTHING COMPARES TO THIS!! IT MAKES YOUR FACE SO REFRESHING AND CALM AFTER YOU WASH YOUR FACE. IT FEELS LIKE COLD WATER WITH SOOTHING ELEMENTS IN. PLUS IT'S NOT OILY LIKE MOST TONERS AS WELL. AND IT'S GREAT FOR ACNE PRONE SKIN.AND DRY OR COMBINATION AS WELL. I USE THIS WITH MY OLAY FOAMING FACE WASH FOR SENSITIVE SKIN. THEN MY ZAYPT ZIT GREAT TRIO.  BUT I HAVE ACNE PRONE AND THIS CALMS THE ACNE DOWN PERFECT. AND NOT OILY SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT YOUR FACE GETTING LIKE A OIL BUCKET. IT'S ALSO VERY CHEAP THEN LOTS OF TONERS SO DON'T THINK THE PRICE IS LOW CAUSE THE PRODUCT IS BAD. THE BEST OF THINGS COME IN LOW PRICES AND PACKAGES!! LOL THANKS AGAIN OLAY!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the only cosmetic product I've stuck with for over 25 years.  This powder has been around forever and there is a reason for that.  It has a very fine texture which applies perfectly.  It is also very inexpensive.  Most people would be able to use this powder without foundation, since it enhances and perfects the complexion so well. Unless you really need extra coverage, I recommend the basic translucent shade if you wear foundation, which should work with nearly every complexion.  The other shades are heavier and, if used with certain foundations, might not last as well for over 8 hours without caking.  On the other hand, the heavier extra coverage shades work very well without foundation.  I've tried Christian Dior, Lancome, Elizabeth Arden, and a million other loose powders and none of them compare to Coty."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have used this product for years. I have a dermatological condition called keratosis pilaris which consists of small raised bumps that appear on one side of my forehead and on my arms. This rich cream is actually more effective in minimizing these bumps than the prescription lotion that I have used. I was extremely distressed to read that this company has been purchased by health food giant Hains and that other product formulas have been changed and are no longer effective for whatever they were supposed to do. When I purchased this bottle there was only one left and it is not a new product nor is it manufactured by Hains so I guess I was lucky. If this information is correct then I assume Amazon will be restocking another facial cream that is ineffective. Apart from my particular condition, this cream is a wonderful eye cream. It softens and smooths this area just as you should expect. Can't really recommend it if the formula is being manufactured by another company."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Almay make-up remover towelette like  wipes are much better than these Almay pads.  These pads irritated my eyes because they are scratchy and they have soooooo much oil on them.  One word: Horrible!  I have to use a paper towel to soak up the oil first before I put these on my eyes and it's still that bad.  I only got them because I love Almay make-up towellete like wipes.  Boy was that a big mistake.  Stay-away from these pads."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My favorite wish is for Jason to make a bigger, less expensive bottle.  This is my favorite shampoo but I rarely buy it because of the cost.  If you have fine, wispy hair this will do wonders for the texture and feel of your hair!  It smells great and, as an added bonus, does great things for your scalp too!  Simply adore it.  Wether it actually THICKENS your hair... I don't know about that, BUT my superfine hair certainly FEELS more lush and lustrous after using this shampoo and conditioner... I just wish I could afford to use it exclusively, but for me this will have to remain a special occasion shampoo.  :(Note:  This stuff is THICK.  I mean it.  Almost like honey."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This curling iron is pretty good, but it does not have a strong enough spring to keep hair in place when curling. I have learned to correct this by hair-spraying the strands of hair I am about to curl. Then I clamp the hair under the metal clip about an inch or two up from the end of the strand. If you try to clamp your hair at the tip--it will not hold. You have to start an inch or two up from the edge to get it to hold. But if you do that, and if you hair spray it first--this curler can make some excellent spirals. I give this item 4 stars because it was basically the cheapest ringlet curler I could find. And this product does give me the curl I want, it just takes a little bit of finesse. But if you want something stronger and easier to use, look elsewhere."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been losing hair for some time and I'm pretty sure the reason is all the blow drying and product I use to &#34;protect&#34; my hair from the heat process.I found this towel on Amazon by accident and figured I have nothing to lose...but more hair...so I bought it.I had to re-dampen sections of my hair to apply mousse cause it was almost completely dry after having it wrapped for about 5 minutes.I can see this towel coming with me on all my vacations!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I received this item on time. Well, I should rephrase. I received something I didn't order on time and in great condition! I received a product in the Sun Kissed Caramels line of products when I ordered an ASH brown. Ash is not caramel. I'm scared to use it and guess what? I CAN'T RETURN IT BECAUSE APPARENTLY IT'S HAZARDOUS. I will, however, enjoy the conditioner that was included and might consider re-purposing the developer. Just not with a caramel color. Caveat emptor, you won't get what you ordered. Fail, Amazon."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "All the neutrogena are very effective when it comes to anti wrinkle and acne fighting, only draw back if you are prone to have sensitive skin like me, be careful how much you apply, and how often you apply it, otherwise it will really dry your skin out and your skin becomes very itchy.So make sure to follow the directions, do only apply to the effected area, stay away from anywhere from the eye area, about 1 inch at least, and try it out first and use it every other day or so.Even as I keep my Neutrogena products on hand for emergencies,:) , for the day to day use you maybe want to check out the Lush products that are also on sale here on Amazon. Dream Creme, amazing moisturizer(also for people who have dry skin due to Caner treatments !!!!) , Vanishing creme, amazing moisturizer for acne prone skin, deminishes redness, acne scars, and Herbalism, an organic cleanser."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this after reading reviews on multiple sites and seeing this toner ranked as one of the best when it comes to drug store brands.I've been using this every night for three weeks (I've skipped it by accident roughly 4 times) and my skin is noticeably clearer. Within a few days I noticed some of my trouble areas looked better and while the clearing process has been slow its noticeable and the progress steady. I also haven't seen a \"new\" blemish since adding this to my regimen.It hasn't done much for blackheads so a few days ago I purchased an exfoliant to address that issue around my nose.Overall I am very happy and will likely repurchase this when it runs out."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This Conair Ionic was purchased after my other hair dryer fell into the pool.  Don't ask.Anyway, thinking the ionic part was just a gimmick but still hoping it was for real,  I got this.  It's a pretty thing, and on the small side which I like.I actually DID see a big improvement in the shine of my hair from using this!  My hair has more body bounce and shine, and just looks much healthier.  This seems to be less hot on the highest setting, and it takes a slightly longer time to dry my hair with this but I don't mind a bit because whatever \"ionic\" means, it works.  I am extremely pleased with this.  I don't find this any heavier than other hairdryers, as some reviews stated.I highly recommend this dryer.  My hair loves this.  Finally a hair dryer that seems to improve the condition of my hair instead of damaging it.  I'm so happy I got this!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Cetaphil Gentle Skin Cleanser is the gentlest facial cleanser I have been able to find. I am highly allergic to several different soaps and preservatives, but Cetaphil doesn't cause me to break out, itch, or dry up.I'd suggest the liquid Cetaphil cleanser instead of their soap bar, as bars can cause one to have clogged pours (read: blackheads).The only downside is that it won't remove makeup very easily, so I only use it in the morning and use my trusty cold cream at night.This bottle is rather large.  I use it to refill my 4 oz bottle since it's cheaper to buy 16 ounces at a time."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've tried nearly all of the major anti-aging creams out there. I've tried all the big drugstore brands (olay, Roc, etc), I've tried department store brands (clinique, origins, etc), and I keep coming back to this one every time. I love that it does not have a fragrance (the overpowering scent of perfume is what turned me off from Roc). I love that it's not greasy, but yet it gives me just the right amount of moisture before bed. Most of all, I love that this 30-something girl still gets carded regularly when I buy a bottle of wine at the grocery store. Really, what more can a girl ask for from a wrinkle cream?"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "After even a quick wash, my hair feels too squeaky and crispy. On one hand it can be an indication of the shampoo doing a good job cleansing the hair. On the other hand, it feels like it washes off all the oils that my scalp needs. When I dry my hair it looks too lifeless and just sticks up because it lacks any weight... I've never had my hair thinner. And yes, I use the conditioner of the same brand after every wash, but it doesn't help."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I use this as an all over (head to toe) moisturizer year round. In the summers, I put my go-to sunscreen over it and it's not too much. I'm a bit of a product junkie, so in the past I've deviated from this to try other lotions and creams, but always came back to Cetaphil. I'm not budging again. It's economical, it doesn't contribute to breakouts (the skin on my face has an attitude), it moisturizes and keeps my skin that way throughout the day, and it seriously softens everything it touches. It's not greasy, soaks in quickly and well, doesn't interfere with any make up I use (that said, I only use a gel blush and maybe some powder) and it has a good ranking on the Environmental Working Group site (I think a 2 or 3) and contains no parabens. Sold."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Early in my married days we were living, well let's call it, a low-income life. With a baby on the way I picked up another (lower-cost) brand. The sticks were harder and the cotton wasn't nearly as puffy and soft.All I can say is that on this item you CAN tell the difference!So in my house we always carry the Q-tips brand of cotton swabs and I must admit we also use a decent (and soft) toilet paper as well.Some things just aren't worth skimping on no matter how tight your budget."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Never tried this brand before, I have super damaged hair from recently going from red to pink to platinum to black, this helps as a detangler,  though I don't think is actually doing anything to long term improve my damaged hair (I don't think any product would though). What I like most is it doesn't make my hair oily or greasy and I can still go 2 days between washings without getting the greasy look a lot of leave in products have over time. I give 3 stars because I'm just not wowed, still looking for something that will actually help repair my hair. As just a detangler it would be a 5 though."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have oily acne prone skin and I started getting fine lines around my eyes. I usually like Neutrogena products but this one is a dud. First, it doesn't lather at all. I've had an issue w/ it actually sliding off my hands a few times since it doesn't lather. Second it has a weird smell. Third it doesn't work. I'm delusional in thinking that a few months using the product will suddenly make my fine lines disappear but there is no difference at all. Plus my skin is still oily and I've broken out several times since I started using it. After this bottle I'm done. I'm in the market for something new."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I had one of these decades ago when I blow dryed my hair and used hot rollers -- I thought the towel was great.  I recently bought another, as my hair is very long and naturally curly (it has to air dry).  First of all, this towel will not stay twisted in a turban while I put on moisturizer, etc., and second, it soaks up so much moisture that my hair dries frizzy (even with product on it).  I'm dissappointed with my purchase, and would not recommend this to anyone with naturally curly hair that need to be air dried."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I think these will be great jumbo heated rollers with dual voltage to use in Europe.  BUT, I use a hard sided spinner suitcase that opens into two compartments, instead of one large compartment.  This travel hairsetter has a small stand on it, which looks pretty sitting in the bathroom, but will take up needed height space making the double sided suitcase difficult to close.  I found on Amazon the Conair MiniPro Hot Rollers and they fit just fine, even in carry-on size. This set will be fine at home and came with claw type clips that hold the roller in place to support a curly set.  This was not written in the Amazon description.  I wish I had known because I spent more money to get clips which I didn't think came with the set."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Give it 2-3weeks and I gaurentee you will be glad you tried it, it is light and thirst quenching on the skin and seems to cover a multitued of tasks, you will not need seperate creams for eyes etc. My tip is to use it a s a night and day cream after gentle washing and exfoliaiting the face. By night put slighty too much on so as the skin has to slowly drink it in.You really will see a plumpness and radiance to your face in this space of time. This stuff is not bank breakingly expensive either."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I just tried this color for the first time today and I really like it. I've been dying my hair auburn for years, but I have so much gray now that auburn is not sustainable, so I've slowly been phasing the auburn out. I've been looking for just the right blonde shade and thought maybe a honey blonde, however many of the colors looks too yellow/goldish. This color is perfect and looks just like on the box - kind of a light rosy blonde. The product was easy to apply and not messy/drippy and the smell wasn't overpowering. I will continue to use this one."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I use Neutrogena Body Clear in lieu of other shower gel or soap rather than in combination with it. One thing I like about it is it takes much less of this scrub to be as effective as larger quantities some other body washes I've used - one bottle lasts several months for me. It is also much harder to squeeze out of the bottle. Once you get down to the end of the bottle, you have to pry off the cap to get it out - not exactly convenient. The odor is a little bit too sterile for my tastes, but it seems effective as an exfoliator and leaves me feeling clean. While it hasn't really combatted my minor body acne/KP that I can tell, it has kept it under control. I haven't found anything better in effectiveness or bang-for-buck in terms of shower gel or bar soap. I recommend it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The scent is so well done, I could smell it while it's in the wrapper! It should be a room fragrance as well until you're ready to wash with it lol....I had the lavendar and jasmine and it's the first time I've ever seen  a CLEAR NATURAL SOAP. I thought that was fascinating. The scents are awesome and my fiance used the lavender soap for his dry skin since he tends to get rashes when he scratches himself. and he says he likes it so far. Worth the cheap price so give it a shot!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I brought this camping and both guys and gals used this.  It smells fresh, like you've taken a shower with regular shampoo, feels refreshing when going on.  The directions say to soak your hair, massage it in and then towel dry. I have a lot of hair but still have a decent amount left (it was used by 5 adults).  It does make your hair look smooth and it does make if feel like there's product in your hair (like gel) but it's much, much better than going without a shower."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have oily skin to the point where I avoided using moisturizer as every one that I tried in the past made by skin even oilier. It was embarrassing! I decided to give this one a try because of what it says it does and because I somehow developed small patches of dry skin on my face that needed to be treated, even though I was still oily. This moisturizer is absolutely amazing! My skin feels so smooth after application with no greasy after feel and I am totally shocked to see how well it has kept my makeup in place. I did not have to blot once during the day while at work. It's been 12 hours since I applied it today and my face still looks great. This product really works!!! I am overjoyed that I decided to give it a try and highly recommend it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'd forgotten just how wonderful Les Blondissimes hair color by L'Oreal really was until recently I used a hair color product by one of their chief competitors, and the color it left my hair was anything but what color it should have been!--I finally decided to give Les Blondissimes another try, hoping it might help correct the color my hair had become at the hands of the other brand--but, once I used Les Blondissimes, I could not believe how gorgeous the color actually had become thanks to it, and how beautifully conditioned my hair was--finally!--I will never buy another brand so long as I live now--it's my go-to brand from here on out!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't know what caused my scalp to itch, but this took care of it.  I let the shampoo soak into my scalp while I shower so it has time to work.  I was worried about the small size of the bottle, but discovered a tiny bit goes a long way so it will last a while. The smell is slightly medicinal, but it's a small price to pay for relief.  The lather is thick and rich, and my hair feels soft after using it.  It doesn't dry it out, like some shampoos.  I'm happy with the purchase and would recommend it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "We were pretty disappointed with this shampoo and conditioner. Had high hopes for it, and it did not deliver.The smell was okay.It was harsh and stripping on the hair follicles.Left our hair with that squeaky clean feeling, but not in a good way, more in a removed all the oil from your hair kinda away.Even in using the conditioner, my hair still looked frizzy. And I do not have frizzy hair! Mine is fine, thin, and straight. If anything I usually border on having my hair be too silky and need things to volumize it.Just cannot recommend this product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I started using these little scrubbers some 20 years ago.  I still use them.  I have had to use store brand imitations for a number of years however because they are so impossible to find.  Then about six months ago, I finally saw one in my local store.  I couldn't believe the difference!  Still as powerful in cleaning but not as harshly abrasive.  I get compliments on my skin all the time. I always tell people that its because of Buf-Puf.It doesn't matter what your age... It is never to late to start exfoliating!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The first time I used this product (over a year ago), I almost cried. A hypoallergenic moisturizer that was hydrating AND brightening AND from a brand that is organic and eco-friendly?? Heck yes! It worked wonders for my dry, hypersensitive skin.However, this is the second time I've purchased this and something seems&#8230; different. It's less hydrating (I have to apply at least two layer for any moisture benefits) and almost feels itchy (although that may be due to the lack of moisturizing powers it has, not the formula itself). However, it still brightens and smells nice. I just use it in combination with another hypoallergenic moisturizer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product burns my scalp and doesnt get rid of my dandruff.Ive tried cutting down my use of this product so that I wouldnt cause irritation to my scalp but Im deciding to give up on it because I dont need to be in pain when I wash my hair for no results anyway.I have contacted the company because I am that unsatisified with this product. Its a shame because I really love nuetrogena products and this is the only time that I have had an issue with something they make."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this to replace a similar product from a different brand.  It is larger, thicker, and more absorbent than the other one, and I really like it.  I have approximately elbow length hair, fine strands but thick volume with 2a/b curls.  This dries faster than a towel and leaves my hair less fuzzy.  It also seems to result in less breakage; hair is a lot weaker when it is wet and traditional towels are hard on it.  The towel is also thinner than a traditional towel, and so you can easily make a great turban that dries your hair while you put on makeup or do other things."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "First off, this turned out gorgeous.  Absolutely perfect, very close to the box.  LOVE this color when it's fresh.  I have medium to dark brown hair and it really turned out fantastic.  However....I've really only been getting about a week of vibrant red before it starts fading despite using mild shampoos formulated for colored hair, without sulfates.  I'm having to recolor every two to three weeks otherwise it's more of a really dark auburn color instead of intense red.  The formula is very strong.... smell is strong and it burns my scalp.  I am hoping to find an alternative to this product with more resistance to fading...the burning scalp thing probably isn't good either...nor is coloring so often.  Good news is that despite very frequent coloring my hair is still in good condition."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Certain celeb liked to brag about Head n Shoulders which is ok.....the real deal is T-Gel for any of you poor souls who are prone to dandruff, eczema, etc., I use it twice ....and I use it liberally....no quarter sized amounts....more like a silver dollar size or more and message into your scalp thoroughly, leave it and wash some other areas....then rinse off thoroughly, and rinse the T-Gel out, and do it again, maybe wash your back as you let it set, then rinse thoroughly again. Buying the largest size on Amazon let's you fill smaller bottles at home if you are self conscious others seeing it, or just leave the big bottle in your shower caddy. I've been using T-Gel for 30 years and I wear black shirts all the time. Every time I drift off to some sort of natural shampoo or expensive quality shampoo.....flakes come back and I go back to T-Gel!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product didn't work for me, but that's not to say it will not work for you. My issues with this product was that I burned my fingers each time I tried to put the roller in my hair, you only get a few clips with the product and they didn't work very well--At least they didn't work well for me. I gave this product away and even that person didn't want it. I may be a fan of some Conair products, just not this one."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "When I have the time, I usually like to use a dry clay mask that I mix with water or vinegar. If I'm pressed for time, I reach for Queen Helene Masque Mud Pack, and it really is good as a fast fix to get out the impurities caused by cosmetics, excess facial oils and the general crud that floats around in the air. If you don't currently use a clay mask, this is a great one to start with. You will instantly see a difference when you apply fresh make-up. Very good!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've only recently started incorporating toner into my facial cleansing program, but this is my favorite that I've tried so far. This toner leaves my face feeling very clean, yet soft (not tight or itchy), plus it has the benefits of an Alpha and Beta hydroxy. It really does help keep my pores cleaner, and therefore smaller over time. I find it to be perfect for my combination/oily skin, but for those with dry or sensitive skin the alcohol might be irritating or overly drying."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've already have this product and ordered it in January. I decided to come online and write about how well its working and I plan to order more soon! I am a dark skinned african american women and have had discoloration on my face for years until I began to use this product. I only use this product, suncreen, along with carbolic soap and have seen a DRASTIC improvement. I was scared this would burn my skin or make me itch because I suffer from eczema and tend to have sensitive skin but no problems whatsoever! :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been an insomniac all my life but don't like the adverse effects of most sleep aids. This was given as a gift to me. I would have never thought that something like this could work! I rub some on my temples and my lips and I slowly relax and fall asleep much more easily. Of course when I am completely wired it won't work as well or as fast, but I was amazed that on some nights that I forgot to use it I tossed and turned for while. Then I put this on and then fell asleep! I don't know how it works but it does. The smell is very discreet and pleasant."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For starters, my hair LOOOOOVES color. Soaks it right up and does great with almost all cheapo home kits.I got to the color on the box from very dark brown in about 3 colorings that were spaced out, hence the 4 stars. I have a lot of red in my hair and it really kept the brassiness to the minimum while I worked on getting to a lighter shade. there is a lot of really nice dimension to the color as well, making it look naturally blonde.I also ignored the timing instructions. I always apply my color the same way (roots to ends) and leave it on for 45 minutes no matter what. I also cover my hair with a plastic cover to keep heat in and help the color set.I finally got bored of the upkeep this color required as far as roots go and went back to my natural, but it was a fun (and cheap) way to go medium blonde for a while."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have tried tons of mascara, yet I always come back to this one.  This mascara is amazing.  I almost NEVER get clumps, the brush is PERFECT so I never end up with thickly caked lashes and the mascara is thick enough to coat each lash and not coat groups of lashes in to one bulky mess.  I just love it!  I just wish Amazon carried more of the brownish shades of this mascara... I would highly recommend this mascara to anyone.  I've been using it for about 15 years now and have never found a decent alternative."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a must have for all bathrooms. When i moved into my new house, i had one of these already there in the bathroom. I liked it so much i decided to buy another one for my second bathroom. I didn't think i could find the exact one but i was wrong. Amazon has everything.The quality is great, the dispensers work flawlessly and attaching it to the wall is very easy. Inside the dispenser there is two good size containers. It comes with all sorts of stickers: shampoo, soap, conditionar, lotion, etc. IT is very handy. Its annoying to squeeze shampoo and conditionar from a bottle."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I started using this product about 4-5 months ago and I must say, I love this scrub! Its better than most scrubs I've used. Its gentle on skin, beads are very fine and it doesnt irritate my skin, smells heavenly and best of all, it doesn't make my skin break out nor makes it more oily. I've always had acne and had mild to moderate amount of acne scars on my face as well, with daily use for several months, I've started to notice that the scars are fading away, not completely gone but much less visible than before. Will definitely repurchase this! Also, price is great and a lasts a good while."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I rarely ever return items because it's such a hassle. But this, is being returned immediately. The idea is actually very good- it has a side heater to heat up the clips as well as the rollers, a feature I've never seen before. However, the clips do not hold- at least not in my long hair. No matter how many times I tried, the rollers would always fall out within a few seconds. Even when I stayed completely still (very difficult when putting in the remaining rollers) they would still fall out. They never stayed in long enough for me to see how well the curlers worked."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have trouble with sunscreen causing breakouts and this almost never causes blemishes.  I also have come to hate the smell of typical sunscreen and this doesn't have that smell.  I have light to medium tone Caucasian skin with some yellow undertones and this is so thick it can double as foundation makeup.  It says it dries clear, but it's a little chalky and would probably really look bad if you have dark or ethnic skin.  I have read that the tinted kind doesn't blend well with Asian skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I think that the organizational system behind this is great - the bottles are reasonably easy to load and prime, the little windows let you know when you're running low on anything. There are several different labels included in the package, including a blank one, in case you want to fill it with lotion instead of body wash, or whatever.The mirror is rather small, but useful for checking your brows or, if you're a dude, your facial-shave job. It doesn't steam up, there may be a coating? Or I'm just getting lucky :)The flat shelf are on the top is useful for holding your razor, while the many hooks on the bottom help organize the scrubbies and loofas that seem to overwhelm the bathroom shelves normally.My only wish is that it's just a bit smaller, as the whole thing is maybe 14-18 inches across, which is a lot of visual space!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The brush for this eyeliner is horrible. I LOVE brushes, and prefer them over felt tips but this is the exception. The brush for this eyeliner is VERY small and too soft. It's hard to make a straight line because the bristles are just all over the place. Additionally, when you go over to reapply liner in some places - when it dries, it tends to look very clumpy and unflattering. I had such high hopes for this liner because of the brush applicator and how beautifully matte the color was but this is a total fail."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have only used this for the last couple of weeks.  I break out very easily, and was worried this would break me out, but it hasn't!! Yay!!I use this once a day in the morning under my makeup.  I love the sunscreen smell.  It is very light and feels good on my skin.  I am mainly using it to prevent wrinkles. I don't have any yet, so I can't comment on this making them less noticeable.  I think my skin looks only better, though.  I have had a male co-worker say I look \"fresh\" just out of the blue.  It makes my skin look real healthy and dewy.  No acne and just really nice looking skin.  So I am very happy."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm prone to yeast infections, so I try to avoid tampons, which can be irritating.  I've tried two different brands of menstrual cups, both of which were a challenge to remove!  With Softcup, they're super easy to insert and remove.  And while they're not reusable like menstrual cups, they hold just as much and, frankly, I don't want to bother having to wash one.  The fact that they're disposable make them really convenient.  Once they're in, I can't feel them at all, and they don't press on my urethra like menstrual cups do, so it's no problem to pee with them in.  I've worn these on an off for years and have never had any problems with leaking either."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have absolutely horrible dark circles, far beyond the point of being concealed with any type or amount of makeup, but this product significantly reduces their discolored appearance.This looks pretty good and almost unnoticeable once blended out with my ring fingers. However, I really need a primer or something with this or it creases horribly. It feels sort of greasy and heavy when applied, but if you go easy with it and just make it last by spreading and blending, it works. It looks even better if applied under flesh-tone concealer or foundation.My main problem is that the packaging isn't entirely hygienic, at least if you put the stick right on your skin. It could spread bacteria and cause breakouts, so maybe use a small brush or something with it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using Purpose products ever since I was a teen.  I used to have acne and dry skin and needed a product that I could use to moisturize my face.  Because my face is sensitive I would always break out but when the dermotologist recommended this product I was elated and am still using it to this day.  It does what it needs to do to keep my face moisturized and looking young.  I am 55 now and still have smooth beautiful skin.  I recommend this product to anyone who has sensitive skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm a cashier at Rite aid, and this guy came to my check stand and bought 2 of the Eucerin Q10 cremes. I asked him if it worked well, and his answer was pretty much \"it's amazing and only rite aid sells it!\"So since it was buy one get the second one 50 % off I decided to get the Q10 and the night creme.I get very dry skin, def when the whether is cold. It gets peely and red and it's awful to deal with. Also, I tend to break out with this whether. I opened the container and I was happy that is was truly fragrance free (my skin will break out with fragrances). The yellow color is from all the natural ingredients, it's not bad at all. It's a thicker cream, but when I apply it in the morning I can put make up over it and work all day and everything is good! My dry, red skin is gone too. This creme is amazing. :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For over 20 years, the Conair has been the only brand of hair dryer I've purchased.  I've never experienced any kind of problem with a Conair dryer, and I've only replaced them when I've wanted something smaller or with new features.This little travel dryer is the best Conair hair dryer I've tried yet!  Despite the small size--which tucks easily into your suitcase--the 1875 watts provide a strong, intense stream of air, helping me to have less drying time while traveling.  In fact, this product works so well that I also recommend it for home use; the folding handle would allow it to fit into even the smallest vanity drawer.  Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have had one tube of this for a couple of years now and JUST ran out. I am feeling very yucky without it.I only gave it 4 stars because the consistency could be a SMIDGE more creamy, but it has decent staying power.For those who say that it doesn't cover the dark circles under the eyes, you will need to 1st use a concealer that is a shade lighter than your face's skin color first (or closer to a salmon color) and then lightly add this to the top. Watch some videos on YouTube about 'highlighting' and you will find that this color is perfect for those highlighting areas on top of your base/ foundation and normal concealer.Maybe there are better versions of this in the 'fancier' brands, but I am returning to buy this one because I know it works and takes off 10 years when used under my eyes."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This hand cream is just the best out there. My father has faithfully used it for decades. I rarely needed it until my mid-20s, but when my hands are dry it follows true to its motto, &#34;Just a dab heals dry skin.&#34;The consistency is, at first, something like vaseline. You expect it to be oily and slick. Rub your hands together for about 10 seconds, though, and they feel baby-soft with no residue. It's borderline-magical. It also works for me on elbows and any dry patch of skin. I wish there were versions of this for feet and face, though; it doesn't apply as well to those areas. Cracked heels and breakouts will have to find another cure.Still, this is the only brand of lotion I have ever bought twice. You should put it at the top of your list to try if you have dry hands."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm 48 and Mom is 75 yrs old and ANY moisturizer gives us immediate acne.  I'm glad I found this again, the AH souffle is a tad oily.  The no-oil formula is a godsend, no more breakouts.  The product exfoliates according to how much and how often you use it (overuse will get you a red face).  It provides a gentle peel effect that starts working quickly drying up oil and acne.  I like the rate of peel; no scaly face. In 2-3 months I had smoother skin, slightly smaller pores, and better skin tone.  Using Alpha Hydroxy I have received the first EVER complements on my skin. I have very few wrinkles for my age.  I'm not saying I look 30, but I look good.  Mom's a recent convert, her skin has smoothed and she has noticed a difference."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I know this masque has a cult following in the beauty community, and that is what has inspired me to try it so many times over the years. My skin is very sensitive and while I have used dozens of other clay masques with no issues, the mint oil in this one sets my face on fire. I can't even keep it on for 60 seconds because it is so painful. There have been a few times where I toughed it out and ended up with red, angry, itchy, irritated skin that lasted for days afterwards. This has also caused me to break out, something I have never experienced with another masque. I think most people probably won't have any sort of reaction to this, but if you have sensitive skin I caution you to really think about whether this is a good product for you. At the very least, do a patch test before putting it over your whole face."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've had this for 5 months and, though I do not straighten my naturally curly (thick, coarse) hair often, this made easy work of it! I am African-American with natural (relaxer-free) long hair; mid-back length. It took over an hour in small sections, but WOW! My hair was sleek with curls and waves where I wanted them! I didn't even use the highest heat setting! I also used this on my son's 7&#34; afro, which is VERY CURL RESISTANT when using flat irons, and it straightened HIS hair (I do this so I can trim his hair since he doesn't trust barbers after a bad experience cutting his &#34;bodacious fro&#34; lol). I have lots of heated irons, but this did straighten AND curl my hair very well. Therefore, I have NO hesitation recommending this product!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have sensitive skin and combination at that. I used to spend much more money on the kinerase moisturizer. But I decided to try other brands so save some money. After several attempts on different brands. I found this gem! Diamond in the rough! It lasts me a long time and I have no reaction to it. I only hope they don't discontinue it any time soon because I really don't want to find another one and chances are, it will be much more expensive. At this price you should definitely try this."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love the L'oreal Feria color line and this is proof why I do. Every color I have used by them has been wonderful! I had Honey Brown hair and wanted a change. I didn't want a black with a blue base tone or a violet base tone, I just wanted black. My hair now is very black, shiny, healthy looking, and vibrant. It is kind of messy with the application (but what hair color process isn't?) I knew what to expect though since I use Feria quite often but someone who is trying it out for the first time might be surprised. My only advice is, use a towel. Fabulous product and the results are what I wanted."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this because I thought I needed a heavier night cream, but its a little too heavy for my face as I have oily/combination skin.  If you are dry/combination or dry and need that extra moisture, this would be an excellent product for you.  I use it on my neck only and it works wonders for that, but when I use it on my face, I have a few whiteheads in the morning.  Still a good product as most of the Olay line has proven to be."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm nearly 25 and still get moderate breakouts. The worst part are the red marks that hang around for weeks even after the blemish is gone. This product is not only keeping my skin clearer, thus avoiding more red marks, it's also fading the red marks that were already there. My face hasn't been this clear in a long, long time. I use it once in the morning and once at night. It goes on nice and light under makeup - I can't even tell it's there. I ordered one for my sister after having such great success with it myself."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used to have extremely dry skin and everyone noticed, it was awful, i hated it so much. Finally a friend who also used to have dry skin recommended this product to me. She has a huge bottle of it at home and during the day she brings a small sample sized bottle of it with her in her purse and she let me try it. That afternoon i drove to the store to buy it.How did i live without it.My skin is no longer dry, its soft and i am so happy. Everyone now asks me now what product i used to get such soft skin. It Is Honestly Silk In A Bottle!!!! I highly recommend this product!!! If you try this product you wont regret it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This lipstick really stays on for a full day and probably longer if you don't take it off at night before sleeping. It also stays on coffee cups, spoons, etc. through a dishwasher cycle so check carefully when unloading the dishes to be put away or your house will look like a bad restaurant. I use Neutrogena eye make-up remover to remove it at night and I have read that some people use baby oil. If you want to go all day without worrying about your lipstick, this is the product for you. Sometimes I wonder what exactly is in it to make it stay on so long, but it's probably better for my peace of mind not to know."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I really like this product, it is my go-to peel off mask. All of Freeman's products are amazing, and this one is no different. It smells just like cucumbers, and it is not difficult to remove at all. It's kind of a thicker consistency so its a little hard to spread onto your skin but its not an impossible task. I just removed it from my face about ten minutes ago and it feels fresh and clean. I recommend this to anyone looking for a peel-off mask, and if you're just shopping for masks in general, I recommend any of the Freeman products, especially this one, the lemon and mint clay mask, and the anti-stress dead sea minerals mask."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Between this Neutrogena Spot Treatment and Oxy Spot Treatment Maximum, there is no contest! The Oxy works and the Neutrogena does not, pure and simple. I have only the occasional pimple these days, but want a treatment that quickly dries up the oil  and inflammation. The Oxy costs more but is worth the price, the Neutrogena does nothing (as far as I can tell) as a spot treatment. A better medicine will prevent scarring and disfiguring marks on your face! Early application of effective medicine can stop an emerging blemish before it becomes much worse. The Oxy Spot Treatment Maximum did a far better job for me."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "NOTE: After checking this out again at the store, the soap reviewed below is actually the BLUEBERRY soap by \"Clearly Natural.\"I wouldn't normally review a bar of soap--after all--what's there to review, but this bar is an exception. Perhaps the doors of perception will differ for others, but the jasmine soap has a peculiar odor.While usually a fan of Clearly Natural products, something went wrong here.  I think, frankly, that it smells like poop.  Seriously.  And that's not exactly the \"scent\" I want when taking a shower.  Another person in the family likens it to bathroom cleanser.  To each his or her own, but I recommend another soap \"flavor.\""}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I discovered this color on what was my never ending search for the perfect bright copper red hair color. I found it once at  Target, then when I went back to get more, they were sold out. I went to every drugstore in the area for months and no one ever has it in stock. Finally I did an internet search and have been ordering it on automatic delivery ever since. The color is not for the faint of heart-it definitely gets noticed. I love it. I am stopped regularly by men-and women and complimented. There is no comparable product out there. I even went to a beauty outlet and worked with a sales person but the color came out more pink than copper. This is so much easier."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product keeps my skin feeling refreshed and keeps my complexion fairly clean. It is light enough to use everyday!I had light acne and did not want to use harsh acne medication and products so I had to look for an alternative.I was a little skeptical at first since this product didn't offer much in the first couple of uses but it seemed to keep my skin beautiful and clear!I highly recommend this product because of it's price-value and quality.Price: 5/5Everyday use: 5/5Quality: 5/5Keeping you beautiful: 100/5"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is heavier than the lotions so I normally use it on my arms and legs, and a dab on my face at night with the lotion. It's fragrance free, doesn't break me out and helps with winter itching. I recommend for sensitive skin types like mine, because cold weather makes my life miserable. Always has. Dry skin, rough hair and five months of no light. At least there's a lotion line out there that cures one of those issues. Could the makers of cetaphil please destroy winter as we know it? I'd really appreciate it, if this global warming deal doesn't work out...thanks. Oh by the way, I think they changed the formula because it's easier to spread."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "i orderd 4  at first,then i think  few more,Did you know.. im 60 years old & been wearing these from day one?  YEP !!!!!they stayed on getting me threw a divorce crying,there Water proof for sure  LOLThese are the best.i can't remember the year they came out,but i tell ya,  i was almost the first one to try it out & loved it & nothing eles since then !!i suppose theres others out there,but AGAIN, have to look & buy & try it out  GrrrrThese Im buying should last  Ummmm  Hopefully a year?kinda doubt  it as i wear make up every single day,i have to fill in my brows  as i used to shave them years ago  haaathey don't look to bad now,  LOLits just im used to USING  Eye liners for a great Look !!Why in the world r they leaving  ?"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I got this product from Walgreens and it serves all of my needs, it is fragrance free which is great because I don't even realize I have it on during the day (unlike other spf facial products!). It has a great consistency, not too thin and not too thick, so it keeps my skin moist. It is the perfect lotion - it is not greasy and doesn't make your skin look shiny. It doesn't emit fumes into my eyes even when I use it in my eye area. It does make your face a teeny bit whiter than it is because of the ingredients but it's not that noticeable if you spread it well and not leave smudges of it, so I'd definitely suggest checking the mirror after you applied it. Though other people said the pump isn't great and clogs, I never had that problem, the lotion comes out smoothly and easily, and I can put the right amount of pressure to get the right amount I want. I'm very satisfied with this lotion!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have suffered bad skin allergies and eczema for years.  I only use aveeno to soap my body with.  I don't think I am allergic to scented soap, but the benefit I know I get from Aveeno is that it keeps my skin moist (but not greasy), which is really important if you have eczema.  I also use Aveeno's eczema lotion to pair with this soap and together they keep my flare ups at bay.  I would give this a sixth star if possible because of the price here on Amazon.  It is nearly half the amount than the regular store!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have a condition which makes my arms itch intensly and nothing, I mean nothing has worked. Finally, I have found something that helps! This lotion really does the trick as it has Calamine (3%) and Pramoxine HCl (1%) in it which seems to be the key.  The calamine lotion does make the application appear a bit pink but rubbing it in well disguises this and helps the lotion work even better.  I would recommend this for all itching, but if you have itching that nothing has helped, give this a try. It's not greasy and works like a charm."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am 45 and this stuff works.  I have used a lot of different products since my teens.  I have NEVER been disappointed with Alpha products.  Simply they work.  Alpha product lines tend to fly low in an already over stimulated market of commercials and new product wonders that appear in constantly in an ever changing money making industry devoted to our own vanity (present company included).  But these products work!  I can testify to that.  The best thing is they are high in concentrate and low in price that is an A+++ in my book."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'd been messing around with lighter shades of red for about a year before I came across this color. I loved being a strawberry blonde, but the deeper, darker reds always intrigued me. So, I picked this up at Target. I wanna say it was the same price as on here.. At first, I thought it was too outrageous. I don't want to attract attention everywhere I go. But then I started getting compliments. I mean, everywhere I went. I had people tell me it was the prettiest hair color they'd ever seen. And I have to say I agree with them!The only downside is that it didn't seem to last as long as I'd hoped. I use a color depositing shampoo so I expected my results to last a tad bit longer. Either way, I'm happy dying my hair every day if that's what it takes to keep my hair this beautiful!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the only liquid eyeliner that can withstand my oily eyelids all day without degenerating into a pool of guck. Cat eyes are my every day look and this liquid eyeliner does a competent job. But, it's not perfect either. I'm not sure if I should keep buying new bottles every so many weeks without using up the old ones because I think being exposed to too much air breaks down its effectiveness. Rather than getting smudgy on my lids, it starts flaking, so I look like I have chipped paint. Not good. But out of all the liners I've worn, this is the longest wearing one by far."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I like these pads and use them in the morning on days when my skin feels and looks dull. One side is is the exfoliating side and the other is smooth. There is plenty of cleanser on each pad so it gets nice and frothy. I wouldn't use these daily as it is not a good idea to exfoliate your face every day but instead once a week. It would be wasteful to use the pads daily if you are using the soft side as you can just Aveeno cleanser and wash using your hands or a wash cloth. This would not only be better for the environment as you are wasting less but also more cost effective. As good as it might feel to scrub your face each morning, the long-term effect could be an increase in breakouts or make breakouts worse as they don't get a chance to heal. I liked the product, just not for daily use."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have struggled with acne, blackheads, and scars since age 11. I have tried lots of products and seen dermatologists with little help. Now, about to turn 30 and still dealing with these issues, I tried this product after all of the reviews. I cannot tell you how amazing this is. It's so affordable, too. Admittedly, I use it 1 to 2 times a day for my best results. My pores are much clearer and squeezing the blackheads on the nose, which my esthetician used to do, (the only place I would squeeze d/t scarring), has become much easier and I have to do it less frequently with regular use. For the price, I would recommend everyone try it until the product is gone and see how it goes for you!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product is amazing. I am 33 years old with combination skin and have always struggled with breakouts. I was looking for something that would prevent aging and reduce the impact of smoking on my skin without causing acne. Olay Total Effects moisturizer has meant incredibly smooth, soft skin and no more breakouts! Plus, it is SPF 15 so there is some sun protection included.Also, unlike most other moisturizers I have used, this absorbs well and does not cause unsightly beads of sweat to form on my forehead after application. The only thing I did not like was the scented version as the smell is insanely oppressive, but there is an unscented version available so that problem is easily solved.I highly reccommend this product!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm assuming that what they tell you is true and you need to occasionally run sandpaper over your face to strip a small layer off. In that case, I'd recommend this to do it.I only use this once a week or once a fortnight. But when I feel particularly that there's too much skin on my face and I need to strip a layer off I use this. The good thing about it is that it cleans quite well yet does not leave your skin dry. It smells nice without being overpowering. And I only use it before sleep and never after shaving because I think that shaving already strips a layer off your skin.So, cleans nicely, does not leave the skin raw, I recommend it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I live in a very sunny desert area, and this lotion has worked great as my daily UV protection.  Does not make your face look greasy, and has no scent, so folks cannot even tell I have it on.  When I used it in a more humid environment, however, it did sweat off into my eyes fairly readily. So not recommended as your primary protection for sports or swimming, and be ready for it to sweat off and sting your eyes in more hot and humid climes.  But for drier areas, works great."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have to admit that this has been used as a spare dryer for the past year, but it is still used twice a month at least. It saw heavy use with waist length hair the three years prior. Even though it now costs almost half of what I paid for it, I still think it is a decent value. My Rusk 1900 watt ceramic dryer blows this dryer away, but it isn't fair to compare an $80 dryer to something that now costs $15. The amount of heat is pretty good and it gets my hair dry in an acceptable amount of time. The cold air button is really more of a \"less hot air\" than actual cold air, but I really don't have a use for cold air, anyway. After all these years, the cord is starting to bend oddly right at the plug, so I don't think it has a lot of life in it left unless I find a way to replace the cord. But I still think I got my money's worth."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have very fine hair that is determined to be straight.  I had a set of curlers that were starting to go out on me (they took 45 minutes to heat up and did not hold the curl).  I recently decided to replace it with the Conair Xtreme Instant Heat Hot Rollers, since I was interested in curlers that would heat up quickly.  They heat up just as quickly as they say.  They are incredibly hot and do a great job of putting in a curl that holds.  Like I said, I have the kind of hair that wants desperately to be straight, and my curl stays all day with these curlers.  They are fairly hot on the edges, but I have yet to find any curlers that won't be challenging to handle for more than a minute.  I would definitely recommend these to any of my friends."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm writing this review for my father who isn't very computer literate.  He spends a fair amount of time outside and suffers from terrible dry skin in the winter.  Though he wishes this worked even better, he says it's the only thing that works for him.He uses it as directed but also applies a layer to his skin after drying off and just leaves it there.  He's tried the various Aveeno lotions but says leaving this wash on is better for him.Personally, I've not had as good a luck with the Aveeno products as I have with applying pure sweet almond oil to areas that get dry while still wet from a shower and WEN by Chaz Dean's texture balm on dry skin (yes, made for hair but also works great on dry lips, noses and hands -- portable and smells amazing too!)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this stuff. I use it as a facial lotion. This tub has lasted me over a year and I use it on a daily basis. I have extremely sensitive skin and this lotion hasn't irritated my face at all. It also has NO smell at all, no weird chemical smells or anything. It goes on a tad bit greasy if you use too much, but it quickly absorbs. It also doesn't irritate my acne. When I don't use this product, my face gets really dry like it usually does, but it works great when I use it. If I had to pick a con, it would be that I hate that this product is in a tub.....since it lasts so long, I don't like the thought of dipping my hands into a tub, it feels unsanitary. If you accidentally forget to put the lid on, the product gets hard at the top......either way, whatever. It still works great."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have had a really  hard time finding an acne cleaning body wash that I like. They either smell terrible or leave my skin feeling filmy. For me this is the second best smelling one out there. It could, however, do without the silly little pink beads in the soap.I prefer Neutrogena's Stress Control Body Wash for scent but I have a hard time finding it. It seems to be gentler as well. This, however, is really the only substitution if you can't find the Stress one."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been wanting to purchase a body oil ever since I received one as a sample. I went to Target one day & unexpectedly found this with the rest of the Palmer's stuff. I didn't even know they had a body oil! I saw the price & quickly put it in my basket. This stuff works so well! Ever since using this after every shower my boyfriend now says all the time how soft my skin is ( he doesn't even know I use body oil!). 4 reasons you should purchase this: Palmer's doesn't test on animals, low price, smells so good, & it works!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I recently started breaking out on my cheeks and jawline which was never a problem area when I was in my teens. This works if you use it just like the directions say: on clean skin, once a day initially then increase to several times daily. On day two I use it like every 2 hours.It makes the pimple or, in my case, underground monster, less visible and less irritating. It gets rid of any pain or soreness that makes me want to pick and pop. After day two it completely disappears.Honestly, the best thing about this product is that it makes me keep my hands OFF my face which is likely why I break out in the first place. Oh, and I started changing my pillow case every night."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This really is a good hair dryer, it gets very hot which I love and dries the hair quickly.  I have long hair and it didn't take me long at all to dry it.  The dryer itself is pretty heavy but that was not a problem for me, to others it may be though.  The reason I gave this product a 3 is because I bought it on Sept 4 2010 and finally just had to replace it about 2 months ago because it started to make the most god awful noise when I would use it, I can only describe the noise as slowly murdering a cat behind the engine of a plane.  I do like conair products and it was definitely a good dryer and lasted me for quite a while."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love Alba products for being natural and wonderful!  I also love the micro nutrients in the sea minerals.  This moisturizer is great for my dry skin, it tones and leaves my skin feeling great and nice and soft.  It takes a little bit of time to sink in, but it does sink in eventually, and the moisturizing properties last and last.  I love this stuff.I've tried the Olay total effects, and I hated it.  It was heavily perfumed, greasy, and never seemed to sink in.  Alba's is light and MUCH nicer without being greasy, it is much better.  Alba's products are always nice, cruelty free, and natural as well, a MUST HAVE for me.  Great product!  Also you can apply make up cleanly over it once its absorbed after a few minutes.  Really great.  ^^"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "There are those of us, of a certain age, who never managed the technique of holding a hair dryer and a round brush at the same time.  We grew up in the era of long natural straight hair.  Now we live at a time when more styling devices are required.  This is a great tool for getting curl or body into hair while holding only one object.  Be sure to have your hair damp-dry before you start, or styling will take forever.  The motor is small, and doesn't &#34;blow&#34; very strongly.  Get the majority of the water out of hair first, and you will be ok."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "If you are looking for a makeup remover that removes waterproof mascara this works great. It is oily so you only need a tiny amount on a cotton ball or pad. After wiping off all the mascara I recommend that you wash your face and areas around your eyes with a liquid soap you'd use to clean your face normally. Then splash a lot of water around your eyes especially so there is no oily residue left. If you don't do this the oil can be slightly irritating and may make your eyes feel itchy. So make sure to remove the remover and you should have less problems.~The Rebecca Review"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "it doesn't wear well under make-up. It's just a little oily. Other than that...I love this product. I use it mainly on my neck and chest (and on my face on my days off) and it has evened out my skin tone and faded my sun-spots ALOT. Especially on my chest...HUGE difference from a few years ago! It really is a great All-in-One Product- I've been using it for years and haven't found a better one yet. I'll keep on buying it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The iron heats up quickly and seems to be good quality.  The buttons are well built, easy to understand and use.Like any curling iron, it does take quite a while to cool down, which is frustrating, but true with any product like this one.The cord is probably about 6 feet, which is a nice length to work with.  The cord is a little stiff, so it has curled a little too much now that it has been stretched a lot.Overall good product for the price."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "During the past two years I've been struggling with some scalp build up problems and I pretty much have purchased all the drugstore products I could find to solve this. After months and months of trying to find a solution I decided to give this a try even though I thought it was quite expensive and yes, it did start to get better right away. However, it wasn't as quick of a process as I wanted it to be so I decided to buy Head & Shoulders Clinical Strength and use it combined with this and this combination REALLY solved it in a matter of days. Since I've done that I haven't had any problems, my scalp is super clear and I couldn't be any more please. I never really stopped using this product and I don't plan on doing it but just keep in mind that this product by itself didn't really do too much. In terms of the smell I don't really like it, but it's nothing intolerable or disgusting."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I know a lot of persons have commented on how great these Buf-puf sponges are, but I had to add my own praise.  I had previously tried the regular and found that they were a bit too harsh for my skin (I have both eczema and acne, so my face tended to get extremely sensitive even when I was gentle with the puff).  The gentle is perfect and  I'm happy I bought the 6-pack too.We're currently renovating at home and it feels so nice after dusting, sweeping and mopping every evening to be able to just put a little Cetaphil cleanser on it and just buff off all the dirt....no other scrub product required...I also use the body buf-puf for showering and can't help but feel nice and clean afterwards.A great little product!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The texture of the cleanser takes some getting used to; it does not spread over the skin like soap so I can't get away with a couple of squirts on a washcloth to wash my whole body. I have dry, sensitive skin and mild adult acne that gets worse with exercise and the hot weather. In the month I used this (only lasted me that long) I realized I wasn't breaking out the way I used to. When I ran out I tried another, less expensive product that was also supposed to be dermatologist recommended. I broke out the next day and had itching in areas that weren't itchy using Cetaphil. I'm going back to Cetaphil but to make it last longer I'm just using it on my face and sensitive areas. I think it's worth it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a great product but it is not what I would call a hand &#34;cream.&#34;  The formula is a yellowish almost clear oil/petroleum-like based formula.  It does absorb into the skin but not completely.I would not use this during the day to avoid leaving greasy prints on things.  This is a great product to use at night because it does absorb somewhat into hands and the residue creates a &#34;mask&#34; soaking completely into the skin after a few hours.  It leaves hands very soft and well moisturized; perfect for night treatments.If you have severely chapped dry hands this is a great product because it will not cause a burning sensation that most hand lotions will.  The formula is extremely gentle and would work on most cases of dry cracked skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been dying my hair for 10 years, and this is my absolute favorite blonde hair color! Feria seems to last longer than most home coloring brands that I've used. It smells nice, and it lasts longer than your average box color.New improved Feria boasts of \"3X Shimmering Highlights\"... and they're not lying! In the light, you can really see it shimmer. I can also pick out some highlights & lowlights if I look closely. I love it! This color itself (Dark Golden Blonde) is my favorite. I tell my sister it looks like \"gold in a bottle\", which is totally true!As a bonus, I love the conditioner that comes with it!If you want non-brassy color with rich golden/reddish tones, use this! You won't regret it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I was looking for something to aleive my scalp build up so that my hair will grow out again.  I tried Nioxin, and all it did was burn my scalp and make my hair feel dry and brittle.  I had tried T/Sal a long time ago without any adverse effects.  I went back to it, and I'm STILL in love with it!  No burning, itching, or other adverse effects.  (It doesn't strip my hair either!)My scalp is actually sun burnt right now and it didn't even agitate the burn when I applied it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'll start by saying I have very sensitive skin, and this did not bother me, so that's definitely a positive! My skin is also very dry, and this is a nice thick, unscented cream that moisturizes without leaving a greasy feel. As far as the wrinkle reducing power, we'll have to see. It claims visible results within 5 weeks, so I'll have to wait a little longer. In the meantime, it's a great moisturizer for sensitive skin for before bed and under my makeup in the morning."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this hoping to spend less on a daily facial cream with SPF.  I've been using Ole Henricksen's \"truth revealed super creme SPF 15\", which is $55 a jar.  Well, you definitely get what you pay for.  The smell of this \"unscented\" cream is so chemically (is that a word?) and sunscreeny, that it's almost unbearable to wear.  It is thick, so only a little bit is needed, but it isn't fully absorbed by my skin.  My makeup brushes have to be washed more frequently because of the residue and the smell (I don't want it to cross-contaminate into my blush/powder foundation).  I will not purchase again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this Neutrogena Healthy Skin Anti-Wrinkle, Anti-Blemish Cleanser several weeks ago from Ulta for $6.95 shipped.  I LOVE this face cleanser.  I use it with theClarisonic PRO Deluxe Professional 4-Speed Skin Care System with Spot Therapy Kit, Whiteand have seen fabulous results (no miracles ... but definitely a clearer, smoother complexion).  I only use this cleanser every 2-3 days.  I alternate it with other Neutrogena cleansers so that I do not overdry my skin (especially as we are approaching winter).  So far, my skin looks much clearer and smoother.  I get those occasional blemishes in the T-zone area and this clears it up.  I have even noticed that my pores and those fine lines are less visible.  It even has a nice smell.  Overall, I'm very happy!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The smell is fantastic but I wished it was stronger and lasted longer; though maybe this would be good for someone who wants scented body wash but who are sensitive to overpowering scents. My husband even loves the smell. I was happy that there is a good amount of lather since most shampoos that are sulfate free do not have any lather. I even used it as a shampoo and it did not dry my hair out at all! I have since tried the tropical scent of this body wash and I prefer it more over the honey mango."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I cannot use liquid foundation. I have tried tons of different products and everything I use, no matter how light, turn orange on my skin after a very short time. I decided to try tinted moisturizer and this seems to blend like I was hoping it would. This is not for someone who needs a lot of coverage. I have normal skin and I don't get acne very often so I don't need anything full coverage. I tried this and for the first 2 days I used it it seemed to blend well, I would still wipe some off after I went out into the sunlight, but I didn't have to remove all of it. This morning I put it on and it wasn't even on my skin for 5 minutes and I looked like I was turning into an oompa loompa. No matter how much I tried to blend it around my skin. Maybe I am destined to never wear liquid makeup. :("}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have pretty fine long hair but alot of it-little over the shoulder in length.  These give volume and a nice soft wave. Clips hold fine for me but sometimes leave a slight crease mark. Heat up very, very fast. Easy to use.  They would be more perfect if there were 6 of them but I can make do with 5. I still have to use the big curling iron for the small shorter pieces of hair around my face.  They almost give that look that the hairdresser can get using the big velcro rollers and then have you sitting under the hairdryer.....Very pleased!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used a lot of tinted moisturizers and as a rule I LOVE Aveno prouducts. To due skin cancer and using Renova, I have got to SPF my skin all year.I love Aveno products & my skin lady uses them after treatment. I am a natural platinum blonde so i go from very pale in the winter to a light tan as the weather warms.In general, this is a good quality product with adequate coverage & excellent SPF protection &  while transparent it also evens out the complexion. I believe it has a powder base as this seems to sink into large pores and deep lines. TO avoid this, I put 3 drops of a higher SPF &  mix it into the Aveno and then apply. This takes care of the problem.I also bought the light and medium and mix the two together to get the perfect shade. I store it mixed in a clean glass baby food jar & capped tight."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Love the smell and texture of this creme, a very small amount goes a very very long way. The smell is simply clean and makes you feel good, and I am very sensitive towards fragrances in lotions especially on my face.I did try this out under my make up, when i wear my Mac Studio Fix, I prefer to use Mac's prep and prime , as with only the moisturizer it seems to make my make up just a bit uneven, not badly, but i saw a bit of a difference.Might try it under the Prep and Prime as I am not sure if the Prep and Prime will give my dry prone face enough moisture.But i do love using this moisturizer to use with my cinema secrets creme foundation pallet, (must try ladies, and amazing beauty product)Overall I love the creme, will definitely re order, and for my break out sensitive prone skin, no issue either. Definitely recommend"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "When I first put it on there was a strong peppermint smell, and a really tingly almost stinging feeling. That kind of scared me. But it went away as the stuff dried. I think it takes more than 15 minutes, but thats ok because you can multitask. Very green in color, I looked as scared as I was at first!I took it off using two washclothes. The first to get the majority off of my face, and the second to make sure residue was off. Pretty easy.this stuff is cheap, and the results really only last a day. But for the price it is great! My skin felt tighter and firm, while not drying it out too much and leaving it soft.I don't really know if it dries out acne like it says, I only had twp spots and didn't notice a difference. But oh well."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My dog is getting older, and let's just say hygiene isn't her primary concern (or even a vague interest) anymore.  Her little girl parts get kinda gnarly as she doesn't clean herself.  I've used baby wipes and those sturdier microwavable disposable washcloths, but thought I'd try this.  It's OK.  I did end up rinsing it just because I didn't want the residue back there in case she decided to go all 'bikini line' licking in the vicinity (which she didn't- just sat down incredibly quickly as the air hit her wet backdoor).  I doubt I'll reorder it again for her, but I'll use up what I've got."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love love love this cleanser!!! I'm changing products all the time to see if I find a better fit, but I always come back to this cleanser! It feels sooo good on my combination acne prone skin. It doesn't dry it out, however I can feel it cleanses very well. I like to leave it on as a mask during the time I brush my teeth (about 5 min or so), then when I rinse it off my skin feels amazing, there's a light tingling feeling and incredible deep clean sensation! They say it contains beta hydroxy, so I'm guessing it's acting a little kind of like very light peeling, refreshing your complexion every time..."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "STAY AWAY FROM IT IF YOU WEAR CONTACTS AND HAVE SENSITIVE SKIN. I put this on my face and it felt alright for the first hour. I noticed my eyes started getting irritated and a rash on my forehead. My eyes looks stressed and was red. I didn't put this on the next day and my eyes felt way better and no rash. However my face is red from the irritation from this sunscreen. This product seems like the perfect choice for me:A daily moisturizer that has clinically proven Total Soy Complex and natural light diffusers that work to naturally even out skin toneGentle enough for sensitive skin and daily useOil freeHypoallergenicNoncomedogenic(won't clog pores)but the result turned out to be a bad product for me...I wish I could get my money back. If you wear contacts do not buy this. This product has a very heavy scent that will irritate your eyes and you will be desperate to take your contacts off....."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a fine skin cream , it reduced pore size, improved my complexion's color and uniformity , didn't irritate it and didn't induce acne. I wear it daily prior going to bed and at afternoon if I am not going out ..definately improved my skin overall.Edit : after using this cream for more than 3 weeks now on daily basis I can say it has no effect on my age spots however, it does improve drastically pore sizes and makes my skin looks smooth and soft. will definately re-order"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I buy this sat Costco when it is on sale and went on Amazon to do a comparison price check.  I do not use this as my everyday body cr&egrave;me, even though my dermatologist wishes I would.  This is non scented and I tend to use it at night after showering before I go to bed as it very rich.  I turned on a friend to this as she has very dry skin and now she uses it every day.  Important to note:  scoop a small amount onto your hands and rub your hands together to 'melt it down' before applying to the body."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Overall, it sits on my skin and I wouldn't be able to put makeup over it because it doesn't absorb into my face.  My face ends up looking sweaty even though I haven't broken a sweat!  The product also has a strong chemical smell like a very cheap sunscreen.  It is also drying, which is weird for a moisture lotion.  If you sweat while wearing this, you will get white streaks on your clothing and face.I've kept this bottle for only one reason and that is to use it if I run out of the good stuff and that isn't often.  I guess you get what you pay for.  This is cheap as in price and in quality.  I highly recommendAveeno Smart Essentials Daily Nourishing Moisturizer, 2.5 oz.over this one."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Better late than never! This cream is amazing, it's rich without being super greasy and has vitamins (A, C, E), no oils, no parabens, fragrance free it's very gentle yet effective. I love it and its now a staple for me. I don't know why Eucerin dosent advertise this face cream especally since it has vitamin C and E which is all the rage in anti-aging face products.My only gripe is that it needs to be in a tube not a jar because of the vitamins.Ingrediants: Water, Glycerin, Ethylhexyl Cocoate, Hydrogenated Coco-Glycerides, Stearyl Alcohol, Butylene Glycol, Cetyl Alcohol, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter), Glyceryl Stearate Citrate, Octyldodecanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ubiquinone, Biotin, Biosaccharide Gum-1, Sodium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Zea Mays (Corn) Oil, Beta-Carotine, Tocopherol, 1,2-Hexanediol, Carbomer, Sodium Hydroxide, Trisodium EDTA, Dehydroacetic Acid, Phenoxyethanol."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this cleanser since my late teens. It is one of the best OTC acne medicines available, and slightly cheaper than other drugstore cleansers like Neutrogena. When used twice a day, the Clean and Clear greatly reduces the number of pimples I get. Also, it contains menthol, so it feels pleasantly tingly on skin (but do not get it into your eyes; it burns like the flames of he11!). There are only two drawbacks to this product: 1) It will dry out your skin, so wear a lotion and 2) The active ingredient, benzoyl peroxide, is a bleaching agent, so it will bleach fabric. I recommend using old wash cloths to wash your face and be very careful not to get it on your clothes."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I got this shampoo hoping that it would help my dried out winter hair. Well, it made it worse! I looked like Broomhilda afterwards; it stripped my hair of anything that it had left and I looked as if I'd stuck my finger in an electrical socket wet. I don't recommend it at all if you have dry hair. If your hair is oily, then I think this would be fine. It sure smells nice and clean though! Save your money for a professional brand - they definitely overshot the marketing on these!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It says that you should see results in 2 weeks. Well, I didn't, but I guess we all have different skin. I could start seeing results within the first month (right cheek & forehead). It truly works.Make sure you use it with a sunscreen though. Fade creams can potentially damage skin when the profuct is on and the skin is exposed to sunlight.Along with the fade cream, I used Alba's Skin Lotion w/h SPF 15 as well as Palmer's Cocoa Butter Lotion during the night. On nights were it got really cold, I used Bio Oil on my face with the fade cream underneath.Will definitely buy a second bottle (well, jar) soon."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have used these cleansing pads for months and haven't seen much improvement in my acne or skin condition overall. They're good for scrubbing excess dry skin on the face, but I'm not sure to what extent they are cleansing anything. I always cut the pads in half because the whole pad itself was more than my face needed. My acne did not improve until I started a prescription from my dermatologist instead. This is probably better for those with skin that has acne now and then (very mild acne). I have adult acne, mostly around my jawline though it appears anywhere on my face as well. I think it would take a lot more than the amount of salicylic acid in this product for someone like me. My acne isn't terrible, but I look like I'm in middle/high school with what's on my face. Unfortunately, I will not continue buying this product anymore for myself, and will just continue with recommendations from my dermatologist."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the greatest thing since sliced bread...well no not really. I read so many rave reviews on this. When I first received it I was disappointed. I tried to curl my hair with it to no avail. I couldn't understand why so many hyped reviews. I was going to return this but then I read it takes practice. I practiced and I learned I had been using it all wrong. Now I have gotten the hang of it and am only keeping my old clamp curling iron as back up in case something happens to this one. Really awesome..the reason for only 4 stars is because your hair can get tangled pretty easy and when it does, it's not too pleasant. Also the cord is very short, can't move to my normal \"getting ready\" spot, need to stay close to the outlet."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this cleanser for years and I love it.  It does a good job cleaning your skin, while also leaving it soft.A few months ago I switched over to Biore Combination Skin Balancing Cleanser.  In comparing the two products, the Biore does a much better job cleansing your skin.  When I am wearing make-up, the Neutrogena Deep Clean always left a little reside behind.  The Biore, however, never did.But, after using Biore for 3 months, I decided to go back to Neutrogena for daily use.  The Biore was just too drying.  I never had a problem with dry skin with Neutrogena.  So, back to what I used for years before.  I'll still use the Biore for the few times a week that I wear make-up...but, for every other day, I am going to use Neutrogena.My husband also uses this and loves it as well."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this face wash on and off for YEARS!I just saw this at Ulta for around $6 so I will use this until they stop selling it.I started using Alpha Hydrox about 8 years ago. I had bad acne from using the pill and was on ProActive.This cleanser worked just as well and it wasn't $40!My skin was so soft and seriously, after one day of use my skin cleared up.I'm so happy I found this again. They've stopped selling this at most drug stores.I have dry skin during the winter and super oily during the summer. This is great cleanser during the summer months.It's a bit drying on my skin during the winter so I use Aveda moisturizer after.Btw,If you love Aveda cleansing gel, you might like this."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am almost 33 but people says i look 20 something... They also thought I am still single but I told them I even have a 2 year old daughter! I used this product for 4 years already and until now I am amazed by how it works in my skin. It became smoother, tight and pore less. I love this with spf 15, not only it hydrates the skin but protects as well. This is really my beauty secret for looking young... I eat food so much, drink soda more than water but my skin still radiates plus the help of vitamins i take...So i really thank  olay total effects so much!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am clumsy when it comes to applying mascara - I sweat, I hold my breath, yet I always manage to put mascara on my cornea - with regular mascara, that is. So I spent a long time looking for a mascara with the tiniest wand possible and one that doesn't smudge and sting my extremely sensitive eyes. I am glad that I found the perfect one for my with this Maybelline Lash Discovery Mascara! Since the wand is so small, it picks up just enough mascara to coat my lashes both top and bottom and it lasts all day even when my eyes get watery. I'll never look at another mascara again!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've written off Barielle as the most high priced gimmick products I've ever tried.  This doesn't do a darned thing.  It's greasy, oily, and if it worked, I'd deal with it, but it does nothing.  I'm sick that I spent the money.  Don't spend yours on this.  There's another product sold here on Amazon called Carmichel's Cuticle Cream.  I've used that for 20 years or so and it does work.  I was experimenting again, and I should know better.  So I bought two little tubs of Carmichaels (or Carmichel's) and my nails are better again.  I just don't know how this brand stays in business.  They won't be getting mine again, that's for sure."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Crabtree & Evelyn Gardener's Hand Therapy has been my favorite lotion for many years.  While I don't have a problem with very dry skin, I still like a good, non-greasy lotion for my hands, arms, feet, and sometimes even my face.  This product is not greasy.  It does not have an annoying fragrance, actually not much at all.  My sister-in-law told me she uses it on her psoriasis and it helps.  It's not a cure, of course.  There really isn't one.  But it helps the skin feel better.  Since she liked it so much, I tried it and have been using it ever since.  It's hard to find in stores---almost impossible---but Amazon.com carries it.  Thanks again, Amazon."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have really dry skin. It runs in my family and I've had to deal with it all my life, so I have experience with all kinds of lotion since I was a little girl. For dry skin I've mainly stuck with oil-based deep moisturizers. I tried \"water-based\"-feeling type lotions before and they were always so lightweight. But then I discovered Aveeno moisturizing line, specifically the 18-hour and now it's all I use. I have need for nothing else. What I like most about it is that it PENETRATES and HYDRATES from within (rather than sits on top of skin acting as a sealant). It hydrates within and how long it lasts (staying power) is the best I've seen. Also, I'm NO LONGER left with an oily or \"smudgy\" body (I'd leave smudges everywhere I touched due to the heavier, less effective lotions of the past). I feel deeply moisturized and non-oily - can't beat it. I'm a customer for life!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Lies lies lies. I shouldn't have believed these positive reviews!! This is like mascara from early 90s or something, just black stain on your lashes, that put your lashes TOGETHER and clump. Oh yes it's waterproof so it gets a one star, thats the only good thing about it....it definitely isn't pretty!!!! And NO IT DOES NOT ADD ANY VOLUME. Wasted my money thank u very much! Sigh. I want my money backkkkkkkkkk!! Grrrrrrrr and I bought this for my wedding!!! D:&lt;I should've gotten l'oreal voluminous waterproof mascara instead......"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My family had used this product for many years but I had not been able to find it in a long time.  I have old feet, yep, there it is...I have old feet.  They have developed cracks and creases, callouses and snags.  My husband is a diabetic and foot care is of utmost importance for his wellbeing.  Pretty Feet & Hands is a great exfoliant for both of us.  I recommend using this at least once a week, though it can be used daily.  Bye-bye rough, dry, cracked, snags and such.  Hello to smoother, younger, healthier feet!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "If you want to live your life like a vampire...this is the right product for you! Why? Well, I found out the hard way, Glycolic Acid increases your skins sensitivity to the sun. A warning was issued on the lable, but silly me didn't think it would be that big of a deal. I burnt horribly the next day from 20 min. of sun exposure! YIKES! Not worth it.It does, however, improve the look of the skin, the price is great, and there is no fragrance(YAY). BUT, like most beauty products, it has dimethicone, which is an acne irritant. If you have horrible acne like me, dimethicone is TERRIBLE for you! Find something with out it! If you don't, than this might work nicely for you. Dimethicone is bad no matter what, but it wont hurt your skin appearance if you have no acne."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For once--a beauty product that actually DOES what it SAYS it does. In just one application, it dried up my t-zone oil slick, shrunk my pores (which are big enough in which to carry loose change), evened out my skin tone, and softened my skin to baby's butt softness. It even seemed to tighten my fine lines. The minty scent is truly refreshing (AND relaxing). The clay texture is soft, smooth, and feels nice going on--very therapeutic. Oh!...and it lasts forEVER....oh!..and it's inexpensive. OH..my God..............I love this stuff.Bottom line: Stop spending ridiculous amounts on more expensive brands with fancy packaging and get something in a butt-ugly package that actually works. Period."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I work fast food so you can imagine how terrible that is for someone with sensitive oily acne prone skin. I went to spend some time with my sister straight after work one day and she had me use these and WOW is the best way to describe these wonderful things. My face felt completely clean like it cleaned away all of my makeup and i felt it cleaning my pores. I looked at my face the next day and it looked so much clearer than it has in years. I will definitely be buying some of my own and i recommend these to everyone who want a clear and clean face."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The good thing about this product is that it contains a pretty good antioxidant.  The packaging, a pump as opposed to an open jar, makes it so the product isn't exposed to oxygen, so the antioxidents don't break down and oxidize.  The product isn't too greasy either, and I have cobination to oily skin.Now my gripe with the product is that because it contains SPF 15, this will lull many consumers into thinking they are covered for sun protection.  Unfortunately, it's not broad spectrum protection.  This product doesn't contain titanium dioxide, zinc oxide, avobenzone, or one of many other ingredients that protect against UVA rays.  UVA rays cause skin cancer.  Many moisturizer with SPF do not contain broad spectrum protection, so make sure to check the labels.Bottom line: This is a good, light moisturizer for sensitive skin.  Just be sure to use a full spectrum sunscreen along with the moisturizer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I had meant to order the SPF version, which comes out of the pump a white color.  This is a creamy-whitish.  Nothing wrong with that, but I need the SPF coverage and I actually use it to lighten up my light tinted moisturizer...I'm kinda pale, so I will stick with the SPF next time.  That said, I still use this sometimes at night or if I know I will be bumming around the house all day with no fun-in-the-sun.  It is lightweight and, like all Neutrogena products, of high quality."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used this product for about 2 years, but after running out and having to borrow my sister's (Eucerin Everyday Protection/SPF 30) for a week or so, my breakouts all but disappeared! I didn't change anything else in my routine or lifestyle habits - it had to be this moisturizer making me break out. If you look closely in the mirror after applying, you'll notice little glitter flecks. In my opinion, it's completely unnecessary and just contributing to the amount of crap available to clog pores! It has a tendency to leave my skin still thirsty for moisture too, also contributing to breakouts. Overall, it's ok, but after trying another product (that's also less expensive!), I found this wasn't what I assumed was as good at it got."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My wife is writing this review for me:  I have tried all different eye makeup removers, either they are greasy or don't remove enough eye makeup or leave mascara behind.  This Maybelline remover works so very well, removes all of my makeup, doesn't leave my eyes greasy or leave remnants of mascara behind.  It even removes waterproof mascara.  I used Lancome for a while, and honestly, this works better and is so much less expensive.  Everyone should at least try it before buying expensive brands."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For years I have struggled with dry, acne-prone skin, and all moisturizers I tried caused me to break out, left my face feeling oily, or would wear-off and would need to be re-applied throughout the day. This is the first moisturizer I have tried that works for my sensitive skin without any of those problems.This product dissolves quickly without oily residue and leaves my skin feeling soft for the entire day (until I wash my face my again).  I use this product twice a day (morning and night) after I wash my face, and I love it!  If you are struggling to find a good facial moisturizer, I would definitely recommend this product!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "If by positively radiant, Aveeno means shininess, then this is the product for you. I love Aveeno products, but this one isn't it. I have some light acne scars and I heard this was a good way to cover it up (BB creams, tinted moisturizers, etc.).When I first applied the product, it really burned and felt like a sunburn for a good 30 minutes. Then, I waited for it to dry and not look as shiny but it pretty much glimmered on my skin for the rest of the night. The color was marked fair to light, yet it was rather orange. Overall, I'm disappointed in the results. I'll stick to my Maybelline concealer for now."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have dry, sensitive skin. I've tried a number of cleansers like this one (Cetaphil, Ponds cold cream, Boots cleansing lotion, etc.) and this one seems to work the best. It takes make up off well and doesn't leave behind a 'filmy' feeling if you just wipe off.  If you do rinse with water, it doesn't leave you with a tight, squeeky-clean feeling. It really does leave your skin feeling moisturized and yet cleanses enough to get rid of the dirt and make-up!  I'm very happy with this cleanser and will purchase again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My son got tanned despite of using this daily. He had golf lessons 3 times a week in the mornings! and only for one hour! he came back home darker after each lesson. My husband got a tan too but didn't burn. I have to admit, we are currently in South America, perhaps it will work better in Northern Hemisphere.  It's not easy to spread, leaves white cast, you have to rub it a lot to get rid of whiteness, and hairy fuzzy men, forget it!!! We tried Australian gold brand (easier to spread but stinks to high heavens), and no difference in protection."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Love experimenting with my hair.  Thank G-d I've been blessed with great hair after all I've done to it.  Before this color, Lightest Auburn, I had platinum blonde.  Darkened it and gradually began going into the reds, professionally.  Really chicken at the thought of having pink hair at 60 :) After a couple of times at the salon, it was time to give it a go.  Began with RA (think that's the number), found it too dark for me then next time mixed that one and 7LA.  Pretty good results, just wanted lighter.Second time doing this one by itself and very happy.  Would prefer a little more red in it.  My hair comes out lighter than the box but all in all, hair is in great shape, very healthy, natural looking color.  I would go for 4 1/2 stars review, just not available.  Again only because I would like a little deeper shade than what I get."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I had a curling iron with teeth (only way I know to describe it) about 30 years ago.  It disappeared somewhere along the way, and I have wished I could find another one for a few years now.  But I never found one in any store.  Then I came across this one on Amazon.  I love it.  It accomplishes the same thing as the old one, which is to smooth out my hair after I have blow-dried it without adding unwanted curl.  Of course, you can use it to curl your hair if that's your pleasure."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm no expert at beauty, so this is just one regular user's experience. However, I put it on and it stayed green, which had me worried. I blended it, and could see the blemish (red) peeking through, while the green remained stubbornly green. Given that it's a stick of concealer, it's a little insulting to think I did it wrong. Nevertheless, I removed it and tried again. Same result.So I went ahead and did my usual powder foundation/settling veil powder routine, and lo and behold - I could still see the blemish AND the green through my makeup.I'm not really sure what's going on. Perhaps I'm using the wrong color concealer? Either way, it really didn't behave or perform the way I expected or hoped it would. Good thing it was cheap because it has been sitting, unused in a drawer since day 1."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I cut these in half with a sharp, clean pair of scissors and put them all back in the container. It doubles my use as I found the pads are really big, much bigger than Stridex pads, they are generously full of sudsy product and I felt I was throwing them out half-used before deciding to cut them ahead of time.The salicylic acid is just the right amount to prevent breakouts. The pads have enough texture to give me a good exfoliation, and I usually have enough to clean my neck and chest with the back side. My skin looks great, and if I ever get the slightest blemish, usually around my t-zone, I use an oxy spot treatment with benzoyl peroxide. I find the salicylic acid coupled with the occasional benzoyl spot treatment has become the perfect combination.Remember, cut a few in half and I think you'll find it's still more than enough to clean your face."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used to use the Neutrogena moisturizer for sensitive skin, but decided to try this since my skin does tend to be oily. The lotion itself is very thin. Instead of my normal one application, with this lotion I need to apply twice, otherwise my face is dry and flaky--once after getting out of the shower, and another time before putting on my make up. The 2 stars is for the fact that my skin does look and feel good using this lotion, but there are plenty others that do just as good a job with just half the amount."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Williams Lectric Shave Electric Razor Pre-Shave Original, 3 fl oz, definately makes an annoying choir a little easier. I've never been a huge fan of electric razors, because I haven't found any brand that gives me as good a shave as I get from even a cheap blade. Its been my personal experience that most electric shavers leave lots of stuble and it's hard to get a clean shave under the chin and throat area. For me, it usually requires more time to get a clean shave with an electric razor than is required when using a disposable razor. Williams Lectric Shave allows me to get a smoother shave when using an electric, but its smell, while not offensive, is almost overpowering.Please rate this review if you found it helpful."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I usually use the Q10 w/o the spf and wanted to try the one with spf because I'm starting retin-A but they didn't sell it.. so I decided to give this one a try. I have pretty dry skin. It gets pretty flaky in the winter time so I need something that will moisturize deeply. This face moisturizer penetrates my skin to where it isn't flaky anymore yet it doesn't leave my skin feeling greasy/oily. I can wear it under make up and my skin looks super smooth all day. I'm also prone to ocassional break outs and haven't had any problems with them so I like this product a lot. Fragrance free is also a plus."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My dermatologist recommended this brand of spf 30 for daily use because I have Rosecea.  I love this brand because it gives me a nice fresh glow if I don't wear makeup and it is easily worn under makeup because it's not greasy.  I've tried many other brands and probably my 2nd choice would be Eucerine's spf30 for face.  But I still say this is the best because it doesn't feel like you've got sunscreen on.  It seems to stay on well during exercise too, because I alway put it on when I go for bike rides and never burn."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used this before, and hope this is the same thing but they changed the outside look of the tube. I really enjoy this mask and think it works great...but my package was supposed to be here at the latest the 8th and I still have yet to receive it. After not even hearing anything from them I decided to contact seller and they were nice, telling me that it is almost here. Just frustrating I can get a foot spa bath, facail sauna system and many more larger items from other sellers on time, but not this little mask tube. But end of story is this is a great product and I would recommend it to anyone! Just order way early from when you expect it to be there!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am a male and I have adult acne.  The acne meds dry out my skin.  I needed a moisturizer that wouldn't make my acne worse, and preferably, would help prevent acne.  This product fits the bill.  It is light, cooling, and doesn't clog my pores.  It's gentle enough that I can put it on my face right after shaving, and it doesn't sting or burn.  (It actually works really well as an after-shave conditioner; seems to help prevent red bumps and ingrown hairs!)  The only way this product could be better would be if they added sun protection to it.  I hope someday they make a version of this with SPF 15; if they do, I will give it 5 stars."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My boyfriend and I both have very fair skin that's prone to redness. Aveeno Positively Radiant Daily Moist is a little too orange and shiny on its own. But mixed with Eucerin Redness Relief moisturizer, it's the perfect moisturizer to cover up small imperfections, reduce redness, and provide a natural-looking tone. By itself on my boyfriend, it looks like he's wearing some sort of shimmery makeup. But mixed with the Eucerin Redness Relief (which is green in color), it looks very neutral and natural. I also love the SPF 30!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have sensitive skin, plus have sun photosensitivity. I've been using this sunbloc for a number of years as a daily face lotion. To make it completely sunproof and long lasting, I use ColorScience sunbloc powder (colorless All Clear, which you can get on the internet) over it and know I am completely protected for an entire day of normal indoor/outdoor activities. (I wouldn't rely on it for waterbased activities or heavy duty sports activities.)Some reviewers have mentioned that it leaves a white film on their faces. It does, but that's not a negative and you shouldn't rub it in to eliminate the film for it is the film that protects you from harmful rays. I always get compliments on my complexion and questions about what makes my skin look so translucent and youthful. The secret is that white film which actually looks attractive if you put a dusting of Colorscience or any regular translucent powder, plus a little powder blush over it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am a hormonally challenged female and have been suffering from bacne lately, though it isn't typical. I decided to go ahead and try this body wash to see if it would help. What do you know -- just a day later and it was working quite well! I still have little blackheads, but no more big, really noticeable zits. I combined it with a really great exfoliating loofah and the skin on my back has gotten much better. It does smell pretty gross though - my husband thought he smelled something rank this morning in the shower, but I told him it was probably the body wash and when he sniffed it he confirmed. If you can deal with the smelliness while you're washing then it's worth it. I don't find that it leaves a residual smell at all."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this product after in was recommend as a disinfectant in the book Don't Go to the Cosmetics Counter Without Me. I had been becoming extremely frustrated with my oily skin and frequent breakouts, so I was ready to try something new. For the past 1 1/2 months, I have been religiously using this product in the morning and Clear Pore Nighttime Clarifying Gel (a BHA product) prior to bed. While I haven't seen miraculous results, I have had a reduction in breakouts, and my skin texture seems to be slowly improving. In addition, I am no longer getting the dry, flaky patches which I was getting with other products. However, my skin is still oily, and I do still experience the occasional breakout. While this product certainly might provide you with some benefits over time, keep in mind that you will not see immediate results:  despite the claims, there is NO product available which can get rid of existing blemishes."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a nice, light night cream.  It has a pleasant fragrance, that is barely noticable and fades quickly.  I like the way the cream feels when I apply it, like my skin is saying \"aahhh\".  The cream soaks in quickly and is not oily or sticky at all.I can not give it a higher rating because I did not find it to be effective at firming.  In fact it did not leave my skin as hydrated as other products I have used.  I will finish my jar, but will not repurchase.I am nearly 60 years old with fairly dry skin and I must need a need a more emollient product.  I think this one would work well for younger people."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I fully expected to like this.  It does make my skin softer, but it creates a sort of film on my skin that then will sort of get gritty and rub off if I rub my hands.  It's slightly waxy. It also seems to rub off on my clothing, which I can see if I'm wearing black or dark blue.  I wonder if it might actually be the \"oat kernel flour\" that does this? Colloidal oatmeal is a powder.  I'm not going to throw it out, but I'm not going to buy it again either. I bought this at a local drug store so I can't comment on what others have said about the product having been opened or used, except to say that I don't remember it being sealed in any way."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought 2 of these in October 2011 and they are still working perfectly.  When I have a need for another one, I naturally come back to the same brand, same style - the  Classic - and ship and sold by amazon.I like the fact that when I need to refill, I can take each container out individually, plus the fact that there is one cover on the outside making it easy to keep it clean.Some other dispensers have 2 or 3 chambers and the chambers are all in one piece. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001CD3T2U/ref=wms_ohs_product?ie=UTF8&psc;=1You have to slide the whole thing out even if you only need to fill one chamber when others are still full.  In addition, the others not having a one-piece cover on the outside, water tends to get inside the chamber holding mechanism and mold can develop inside that you can't see without taking the chambers out.  I have a couple of those that came with a house I bought. This also reinforces my decision in going back to the 4-chamber Classic one."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Don't laugh. My wife has been using this for years and I tried it on my face for my drying skin.  Later I used it on my hair as a conditioner at night and the hair is not dry after shampooing and drying the next morning. Amazing. At Amazon prices you can do this. If I were buying from retailers the cost would be a little too high to do this although I still might since it makes hair shinny and easy to control without being greasy.  I know I sound like a girl. So be it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've only been using this moisturizer for a little over a week and I can already feel the difference in my skin.  My foundation goes on smoothly and my skin feels moisturized all day.  I have been using Aveeno for years but I like this moisturizer so much better.I work at a skilled nursing facility and the residents with the nicest skin ALL say that they've been using Oil of Olay for decades.  If that doesn't make you want to try it for yourself, I don't know what will."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I basically lived in the isles of Rite Aid before I found this thing.If you combine it with a sacylic acid cream is it amazing.at night when I have a zit, I clean the area with alochol and apply the cream in the morning wash it off and its shrunk.I repeat everynight until it is completely gone. of course I rub my face in shea butter every morning~ and sometimes bio oil.But, this product is amazing and the price is a lot less than clearisil and others. it really isnt a bad product it is the SAME as clearisiljust less money. (SAME INGREDIENTS) don't be fooled by impaitent and oblivious people. this product works!! :)and if you apply it during day time be sure to rub it in good and apply a moisturizer over it lightly~ hope this helps!!this dosent cure dark spots but it will have yuor face smooth within weeks~ (for me 1 week... for you; mabye more (3weeks?))"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I decided to drastically cut my hair last summer.  It was to the middle of my back and I had it cut all the way up to around my chin.  After I realized that my old curling iron (1.25 inch) wasn't really giving me the curls I wanted I bought this one.  I hadn't really thought about the fact that a larger barrell would only produce waves.  My hair has since grown out to about shoulder length and this iron really does the trick.  It heats up quickly, gives me great curls that last all day and was an exceptional value."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I was looking for a travel hairdryer to take on a trip to Europe. I chose this one because it has dual voltage, is foldable, and is available through Amazon Prime for quick shipping. It is rather bulky, but I suppose if it were smaller it wouldn't have the power and other nice features like the speed settings and \"cool\" button. It performed perfectly on the trip (with the addition of a tiny outlet adapter) and is comfortable to hold. Now I keep it in my gym bag.  Overall, I recommend this if you want a somewhat more compact but still powerful dryer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "In terms of how well this gets the job done, I would say this product is 3 stars.  It doesn't get as hot as my pricier Conair (both are the same watts), and it is much heavier.However, I guess it is not really that reasonable to expect a hairdryer this cheap to perform as well as a hairdryer that is 10-20 dollars more.  You can definitely use it to style your hair, but it might take longer.  Considering the price, I would say this item is a 4/5.I mainly bought it to use it at the gym/for travel.  It is a good spare dryer but I wouldn't recommend using it as your main dryer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Rarely do I go cheap on things that have to do with my hair but I wanted to try out a new size barrel without making a huge commitment so I gave this one a try.Pros:heats up quicklythe barrel and clip hold even my thinner hair tightlygets hot enough to produce a nice curl without burningcool tip makes holding at certain angles easier.Cons:the collar that regulates the temp broke - it is stuck in the temp range I wanted it in so no need to move it but that could be a bigger problem if I wanted varying tempssometimes takes several presses of the on button to get it to turn onno auto turn offFor what I paid I think this is an acceptable choice; if you are looking for something that will last I'd suggest looking elsewhere though."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My grandson was visiting recently, he has such bad eczema, I was desperate!! I had this soap for awhile, and thoughtit couldn't hurt to try. I'm so glad I did, he wasn't scratching/itching or crying( he's 18 months). I was DESPERATE, toget him some relief, I can't say enough GOOD things about this soap. Except left no residue, no itching afterwards andthe biggest reward: he slept through the night! God bless your soap! I will DEFINITELY be reordering!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "To be honest, I wondered if this makeup was going to be good, because it was sold at a MUCH lower price than I paid in the store, but the ONLY difference was that it did not come in a box or package (except package it was shipped in, lol). The makeup itself is exactly the same. I like this L'Oreal product, it works very well for making my skin tone look even, and it lasts all day. I definitely recommend the seller, and will buy again myself."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "L'oreal makes many hair color brands, The Superior preference brand is just TERRIBLE to apply.  It is extra runny and watery.  I could not stop the dripping and I have been coloring my hair for 20 years.  I'm very careful and do it in sections but this is not a cream type like the excellence is.  It was literally dripping off my gloves after I put it in my hair.  I never had a problem with any other hair color product and not even by L'oreal.  This formula is way too watery!!!  I never had so much drip to the floor ever before.Always buy the cream kind, or the mouse.  This stuff is terrible!!  :(I swear the good reviews must be for the L'Oreal Paris Excellence Preference and not this.  The boxes look almost the same.Boo on how runny it is!!!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This creme is super heavy duty, but tends to disappear as it soaks in.  Great for hands and feet. Being in Arizona, I am always having to apply some kind of creme to my heels and hands to combat dryness. I've run through about a dozen, high-end and low-end, but nothing works quite like the Norwegian Formula. Must be all the glycerin?I wouldn't use it on my face, obviously, but anywhere you have itchy, cracked or super dry skin, go for it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have long wavy hair and I bought this because it came with a diffuser attachment. It clicks in no problem (as well as the concentrator but I've only used it once) and you can easily take it off. The cord is longer so if you have a larger bathroom, it helps. It also has a hook on the base of the handle, you can kind of see it in the picture, which helps with storage if you choose to hang it up. I use it on the hot heat, low setting and I don't see a lot of frizz even without product. It dries my hair quickly without it being noisy. But if you use it on the high setting, it gets noisy. Overall, I love this dryer. So far. I'll post another review if anything bad happens to the dryer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I moved to the high desert plains a couple of years ago and the combination of low humidity and hard water began to wreak havoc on my skin. I've tried many different products at many price points, including some extremely expensive ones. Lotions did not last and most creams I tried felt too heavy or either looked *or* felt greasy. This Cetaphil formula has the perfect balance for me; it is light enough to sink in deeply and thick and creamy enough to make my skin feel incredibly soft and have that feeling last.TIP: I buy this extra large size to keep the cost low but I reuse small cream containers to make this \"portable\".Leaves my skin soft and supple. Doesn't leave a scent. Doesn't cause breakouts. Quite simply the best!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a basic make-up remover.  I forgot how thick it is.  It does a good job at removing my make-up.  You need to wipe it off with a face cloth or wet wipe to remove.  It will not come off with just a water splash.  It leaves my skin soft and dewey.  I would recommend to you if you like the extra removal step.  You wil need to follow with a toner to completely remove the residue from your skin.  Nice scent."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It's a great product. I have had two before and my last one, of three years, died finally so I went to buy a replacement but could not find one anywhere. This Hot Air curling iron is a great price and it works great for my hair, which is on the thicker side and wavy. I can do anything from baby-doll curls with this thing to soft shiny waves or use it to shine my hair and give it some shape after straightening. It's a good multipurpose tool.The shipment on this thing was crazy fast. I ordered it and the third day it came to me. I did a test just now to see if it works and it does. Nothing was wrong with the packaging or the product. When I need one again I will defiantly buy from this person/business again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this to help get rid of the keratosis pilaris on my upper arms and legs. The lotion did not help smooth out the little bumps and I found something better instead. Since I still had the whole bottle, I decided to use this as my night time moisturizer. I'm in my 20's so I have minimal wrinkles so I can't attest to how well it helps with those. My skin does feel tighter after using this though. Sometimes I use another moisturizer alongside this one because it can be drying. I wouldn't use it by itself if your skin is on the dry side. My skin has been smoother since I've been using this moisturizer and I haven't had a breakout in a while. I'm not 100% behind this product, but I think it is doing what it is supposed to for my face."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this over a week ago at target for my combination skin. I break out quite easily on my forehead, and have a few blackheads on my nose. After using once a day, my forehead, chin and cheeks have broken out. And I never break out on my cheeks. On the plus side, my forehead is no longer an oil slick...I understand that products have to clear out the dirt and oil first, but if this doesn't improve in one week, this is going in the trash.3/24Most of the breakouts cleared up with continued use one week after my first review. However, my skin is a bit flaky around my nose. A bit ironic for a moisturizer if you ask me."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this product because I was so impressed with the Alpha Hydroxy Face Lotion, as it leaves my skin bright and clear and I have minimal break outs, so I figured the facial wash would do the same.. So I stopped using my normal face wash and I used this product instead for about a month and I noticed more irritation if anything... It wasn't really stopping my breakouts just leaving my skin red with more bumps than normal. I thought using the both in conjunction would just work best but I'm starting to think my skin is too sensitive and cannot take too much of the same thing? I am not quite sure... but I'm going back to my old facial wash and sticking to the alpha hydroxy face lotion. Another thing is that facial washes really do not exfoliate your skin.. They just tone it.. and I think I need more exfoliation or I wish they had exfoliation beads in this product.. Maybe it would've worked better? Idk.."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I was using Aveeno Skin Complexion Skin Care before I tried this one. In preparation for the summer, I thought I would get an Aveeno product with SPF. Unfortunately, I got 3 big pimples after I started using this Aveeno product. When I returned to the Aveeno product I used before, my skin  cleared up, and honestly, my skin hasn't looked this great in a long time. So I guess this a recommendation for Aveeno Skin Complexion Care b/c I'd rather not have pimples. I still have the almost-full, used bottle of this stuff. Oh well..."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Years ago someone gave me one of this type eye pillow and I have loved it.  The fragrance was very soothing and really aided my relief from migraines.  The company that manufactured it has since been sold and I was looking for a replacement.  DreamTime is the perfect replacement.  It has the exact aroma and is well made as was the first one.  I also have ordered one for my daughter and she enjoys hers as well.  I recommend to these to everyone I know who has migraines."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm not sure if I got a faulty product, but the \"hot\" air was not hot. It was lukewarm at best. As such, it did nothing at all to my hair except make it extremely frizzy. No curls or waves.You might have more luck than I with this product. And because Amazon allows you to return this after you've opened it (I've already spoken to a rep and created a return tag), no harm in trying. It's just not for me."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "But rips out a lot of hair. But I like it because it's something different & it gives your hair much more volume. Still perfecting my skills in using this device. I learned how to do perfect curls with a straightener / flat iron. But I think this tool has even more potential to make different styles of curls, such as spirals etc, because the bristles hold hair strands in place, and you can maneuver the way you fold the curl. Pretty interesting. Only wish the heated part was ceramic & that there was no crack in between the metal & plastic handle, which is the part that rips out the most hair."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using these facial sponges since I was in my 20's, so about 30 years!  Lately they have been harder to find.  In the past I used them every day when I washed my face.  Now I use them twice a week.  They are especially useful on the days I have used sunscreen to help remove the gunk.  They last very well and I usually use one pad for about 6 months or so if I only use them on my face.  Also use them on my arms and legs before the use of artificial tanning products to exfoliate my skin, they are awesome for that!  Be sure to use them gently as they could irritate your skin if you were to enthusiastic ."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I started using it only a few weeks ago. I have combination skin. I recommend using a moisturizer with it because I noticed my skin started peeling. Although, my skin looks clearer, some of my old freckles seem to be fading, and I just really notice a difference in my skin. I also feel it helps my vitamin C moisturizer absorb better. I used to use Retin-A and Retin-A micro, but I feel this stuff works just as well, plus it has other ingredients that help improve your skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Hi,I've been using Cetaphil for years now.  I first bought after reading reviews in Allure magazine and I wasn't disappointed one bit!! It's the best, non drying and non-abrasive cleanser I've ever used... and while it is a bit pricey (I'm pretty cheap lol) it's worth it and the bottle (used by my eldest daughter and myself) lasts us 6 months!  And you can use it without water if you needed too!  It's amazing!Honestly, I will use this stuff forever.  :)LOVE it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Back in the day, I would have seen a girl with her hair like this and thought she needed to do her roots.  However, I had gotten sick of my plain dark brown hair and wanted something new.  I saw this at Target and went for it.  I have actually tried before with highlighting kits to do this but thanks to the Feria brush it is now much easier to get this look.  My hair at this time is shoulder length and I took the brush and bleach and at chin level created a new look.  It is really cute!  I curled the ends and can't wait to premier it.  If it gets accolades, I will update this review!!!  LOVE IT...In case my low votes are due to my lack of editing...SORRY, My hair did look fantastic and A LOT of guys liked it!  I have used this again and again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this facial moisturizer recently, as well as farther back a year or so. Both times I have ended up returning it, mind you I didn't purchase this on Amazon, but rather stores in-person at stores like Walmart and Target. This moisturizer says it is hypo-allergenic although I don't buy it. I am allergic to basically everything and rely on mainly baby products. I have very fair, sensitive skin and acne. I do not find this moisturizes, but rather burns one's skin horribly. After using the moisturizer, I had eroded, scabby sores all over my face. I think it made my skin much worse, although I am not supposed to be allergic to any of the ingredients. Also, for you fellow fair-skinned folks, it makes your skin look very red and ruddy in a bad way. Do not buy this, you will regret it, or at least I did."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have very dry super curly hair. I get build up on my scalp whenever i use 'regular' shampoo/conditioner. I've been using apple cider vinegar to treat this but it doesn't always work for me.  After the FIRST use, this shampoo cleared up my scalp. It's squeaky clean with no weird off-white build up! Yay!There's also no smell! I've tried head and shoulders, tar shampoo and hated the smell.This stuff is fragrance free. I love it :)Btw, haven't tried the conditioner but I use my ACV/Water spray as a conditioner after this shampoo. Works wonders, super soft curly hair with clean scalp :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've always loved peel-off masques. That's really because I enjoyed the peel-off process. However, I considered them ineffective because the only thing they'd get rid of are my baby hairs at the front, nothing more. But this is one masque that does the trick! I constantly looking forward to applying it and seeing the difference it makes it closing my pores and getting rid of my acne. My face is so much more radiant and alive! This is definitely a product I'm sticking to."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have very thick, coarse hair and was tired of wrapping my head with the standard cotton towel at home. Plus, the towels were always rough on my hair and would get soggy immediately. I purchased this towel to put less stress on my hair follicles and to improve the drying time.I was very excited that I was able to wrap all of my hair in the towel (about arm-pit length, 4b/4c, coarse) and it stayed put. No problems there at all. However, I noticed that the towel started to get really soggy after about 30 mins. I had to take it off and squeeze it out.I think this is mainly because my hair type holds onto water much more than others and because the towel is pretty small. So, the next time, I just made sure that I squeezed as much excess water out of my hair as possible before wrapping and it was not as bad.I really like the towel but it is definitely not totally equipped to handle all hair types."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Aside from my standard Olay ORIGINAL moisturizer which I use faithfully every day -- this seems to be the ONLY other product that helps the &#34;vertical&#34; lines that are appearing on the top of my eyelids.  I'm 67 and have tried a lot of products - found most to be rather useless for the money except for the Olay ORIGINAL mositurizer which I have used all my life and now this.  Nice touch before bed as well.  Smell is faint but good.  Very creamy.  Use just a tiny dab -- and the pump is nice in that it only puts out a very small amount - just what you need for the small eye space -- so no waste of product.I have also tried the facial cream from Avalon Organics Vit C  - like it, but this Revitalizing Eye Creme is the one that makes a visible difference on my lines above my eye with repeated daily use."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I tried this a few years ago as a teenager, when I had some acne.  It was nothing horrible, just a few pimples here and there.  I saw this at the store and gave it a try, did everything I was supposed to and the pores under my eyes increased in size.  I had larger pores after using this product and it took me a while to reduce their size.  I didn't have much acne to begin with and this did seem to help, but the increased pores were a negative."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I must admit when I first purchased this product I was a little skeptical because most Eucerin products I have got have been way too rich for my skin even when it claims to be lightweight .  Another reason I was skeptical was because I have never actually seen this product in the store by the other SPF face lotions.  However, I love it.  It is very lightweight and a little goes a long way.  Also the bottle size fits perfectly into my skin care organizer.  I think I will be purchasing this product from now on instead of my beloved Aveeno."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I didn't expect to like this cream as much as I do.  It's an excellent value and I don't plan to be without it in the future.  Cetaphil now sits on my bathroom vanity and is used as a routine moisturizer for my face, elbows, arms and any other moisturizing needs.The scent is clean and very minimal so it doesn't iterfere or offend.It hasn't caused any breakouts and seems to hold moisture longer than many of the high-end moisturizers I've tried.Excellent product and a terrific value.The glowing reviews here were my reason for trying it and I'm very glad I did."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product is not at all good for short hair.  The barrel is huge!  I know the description gives the 1-1/2\" measurement but nowhere does it say anything about hair length recommendations.  I have to wrap my hair around half the brush and hold it there with my hand (hot!) because it doesn't even begin to wrap enough to stay on there.  Slightly better luck with the curling iron attachment.  This will be a fine product if you have at least shoulder length hair.  Otherwise, look elsewhere.  Now I am hoping mine burns up so I can return it at Amazon's expense instead of mine."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am 21 and have had combo skin for years and years, dry in the morning, oily throughout the day! i love this product though! i use it on my face every morning when my skin is a bit flakey, and it makes my skin so soft! my moisturizer goes on smoothly finally! a bottle lasts a long time, i very rarely break out, and i have noticed a significant difference in the amount of oil on my face at the end of the day! i still have some but much less! my only complaint is that it does nothing for blackheads, i still have those..."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is my first curling iron. I was so confused when I chose this since the price is kinda inexpensive. I could choose something more expensive and popular like Hot Tools brand but I was not very sure with the ideal that I would curl my hair often or even if I could curl it (lol) but this one works great (for me). It gets hot pretty quickly and doesn't take long to curl my hair. I like it, and I believe it's good buy. I read some comment said it doesn't last &#34;too&#34; long or something but I don't really mind. For the price, just can't beat it or at least give it a try!!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I wanted to be blown away by this concealer, but sadly I wasn't; don't get me wrong this concealer is good, I gave it 3 stars because first and foremost it's real sticky creamy consistency, after I applied it, it kept this wet sticky texture, I like the ones that don't stay wet like and sticky, plus it made me have a few pimples,  if your looking for a concealer that stays kinda damp then you will love this one, because all of us girls like different things, and one thing may work perfect for one of us may not work at all for someone else, ya know!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product feels okay on the skin but leaves a highly visible white film on the skin.  I'm not sure if it is apparent on other races but it is very noticeable on African American skin tones. It looks like I've applied cheap foundation shades too light on my face.I cannot wear it outdoors in front of people during the day (and I'm cheap! :) ) so I use it as my night time moisturizer before bed. Imagine using an SPF moisturizer only to bed...Will not repurchase once I've used it all."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've found this cleanser does a great job of removing light to moderate oil/dirt from the skin without overdrying.  It is a cream based cleanser with no abrasives in it, so it's very gentle on the skin as well.I usually rub a little bit on my skin with my hands, then wash it off with water.  This is good for when you just need a light cleansing.  You can put a little on a wash rag, then rub your skin with the rag if you need a more robust cleaning.Overall a great product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm one of those people who had a sprinkling of acne as a teen (which was taken care of by Retin-A) and then nothing until later in life. For some reason, when I turned 35- BOOM. My skin went haywire. I went to a dermatologist and he gave me a variety of things, but the basic advice was stick to a \"clean\" soap (I usePurpose Gentle Cleansing Bar, 6-Ounce Bars (Pack of 2)) and use a deep cleaning product with salicylic acid.The Aveeno Clear Complexion pads REALLY worked. I don't use them everyday, maybe three times a week, because they are very drying. But they definitely clean the skin well. I also use them in conjunction with a pure sea salt scrub (I dip the pad in the loose sea salt and scrub my face) and it does an AMAZING job of cleaning my skin and keeping it clear without turning it into a dry painful mess.So, I highly recommend this for anyone dealing with fussy skin!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I received this last night and washed first with a mild soap then a Glytone Body wash with a loofah.  After, I applied this and when I woke up this morning, I noticed a change in my skin already.  *I have KP (Keratosis Pilaris) on my back and small areas of my thighs* Don't expect a miracle overnight, but expect to notice a change in the way your skin feels instantly.  You don't need to apply much of this product.  A small, less than a dime sized amount, is more than enough to work with.  On the box it says that if application does not dry within a minute or less, you've used too much.  It's true.  I think this is a steal for the price and the thickness of this product.  I look forward to more results after a week, two weeks, a month, etc. and will be back for a second review.  7/24/13"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "...I need a wider selection, or at least a few more color choices, in the Warm category. BUT I will say, this lipcolor wears very well. Use, when not using this product, the best available lipcare/lipbalm you can afford, however, especially overnight. Otherwise, you will probably get dry lips. I live in Colorado, so I know. ANYWAY, the colors: Scarlett is a very COOl red. I am a redhead/auburn-head with gold highlights and pale, warm-undertoned skin. I can't wear cool lip colors without looking drained and sick. So, I'm disappointed with the Scarlett and one of the other paler colors of which I cannot remember the name. I am ordering the whatever Coral color now. I'm doing this online because local drugstores are often not fully stocked with all or most of the colors in this product line."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "i love this mascara, the brush and consistency work perfectly together to give a feathery fan of darkened lashes without looking like you obviously have mascara on, which when working in a professional setting is really important.  what i love most is i have to be a huge lash comb fiend with most mascaras to avoid the awful spikes look or worse, clumps. this mascara does neither, i don't have to comb at all and i'm always in a rush so saving a another tool and step is great.  probably not intense enough for night looks, but for day to day this is perfect."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm only 5 months pregnant but I have no stretchmarks (so far), no itchy belly, and it's kept dryness to a minimum in this cold weather. I use it once a day after the shower, all over. I've been using it since I was 3 months pregnant. I took off one star because it's a big oilier than I'd like, but I did try another (more expensive, lighter oil, mamma mio) product and I started seeing dryness, so I switched back to this Mother's Special Blend. The initial smell is nice (chocolately!) but it goes away in a few minutes."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Can't stand perfume and its in everything. ( Perfumed toilet paper is just strange!) This is great for me,doesn't take forever to be absorbed. I have it on auto ship. Sent to me every other month cause I have my husband use it too. He's had a lot of skin cancer on his face and this spf 15 is just enough for regular daily use. I use this in the morning and a heavier one at night. The dermatologist says my 65 year old skin looks great even with her magnifying glass. Lets keep it that way!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Clean and Clear Face Wash really works. I really love it. It has a cool minty tingle that makes your face feel refreshed, and it really prevents pimples. In general, I have pretty clear skin and this face wash keeps it that way. I go through this product so often that I am constantly buying it. Only, I have one recommendation. Be very careful with this product. It is very strong and it will bleach your clothes and towels. This happened even when I used it in the shower. Make sure to use a white towel or a towel you don't care about. Besides for that problem, the product works great and I am very satisfied!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "These recent reviews are correct.I never tried the past formula but this one is no good.I didn't care for it the first couple times I tried it, but I had to give this another shot because my usual moisturizer ran out.  I was slow in picking that one up because it's $15 (pretty pricey but oh so worth it).  I should have just broke the bank because this stuff broke my face.I was wondering why I was breaking out more than usual.  I typically break out along my lower cheeks, but it was spreading to my temples and forehead.I just bought my usual moisturizer yesterday, and I already see an improvement overnight.  It's gonna take a couple weeks to get rid of the mess this caused, I'm sure.Seriously, try to look for a more natural product.  Don't waste your time & money on this.On a good note for Purpose, I do use their gentle cleansing wash which is A-OK!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It's hard to know how to review this. I've been using it for a few months and while i haven't noticed any radical changes in my skin (my fine lines are still there), it is still my favorite moisturizer. I decided on this product based on the review at beautypedia.com, it seems to be a reliable product. It goes on very smoothly and dries quickly, you don't need to use too much. It does smell slightly like sunscreen lotion, but I don't mind. I like the pump design, and if you have read up on moisturizers you might have heard that you shouldn't use any product in a jar because it is constantly being exposed to air and bacteria. The packaging, spf, and anti aging aspects are unbeatable at this price (mine was $14 on Amazon at the time)."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Bought this because my shower was getting cluttered with different kind of soap, shampoo, face wash and etc. After receiving this and putting it up on my shower wall, no more bottles!Pros:Each bottle holds a lot of liquid.Each to use buttons.Clean design.Comes with waterproof adhesive and it's stick as hell.Durable - I've dropped the bottles over and over again when I was clumsily trying to shampoo inside and it still works.Cons:The adhesive stinks when you first place it on but that's a given and does not take away rating for this product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I like to switch up my beauty routine and usually mix fruit-based facials for myself, but I like mud as an alternative as well.This is a very good, cheap, basic product to use once a week. It will leave your skin feeling tighter and will give you a glow.I usually exfoliate my face and neck, then apply this for 30 minutes (yes, a little longer than recommended) and after washing it off, I use my night cream (Olay). That combination leaves my skin looking perfect for 3 days+.I recommend it for once a week use for normal to oily skin. If you have dry skin, this may make you feel a little too dry. I have used it on my body (dry skin), and I wouldn't use it there again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Judging by all the positive reviews I expect this stuff to work but it smells horrible. The stench is so strong to my nose. I collect colognes and so my nose is used to smell a lot of stuff and this stuff just offensive. After washing my hair and rinsing several times, I can smell this in my hair for over an hour afterwards. I don't even need to run my fingers through my hair and smell it... its just like an aura around my hair that stinks. Tried it for a couple days and I had enough.. If you don't mind the stench of tar, enjoy!I use head & shoulders instead. It works for me but is a bit damaging."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "An item you can do without. Before i bought this i would sit covered over a bowl of hot water. The benefit to having this product is that you can turn on the steam as soon as you need it. Still takes like 5 min for it to actually start steaming. Once you have your face in the bowl mask you can feel a bit insecure because if that thing splashes water on you it will burn you. The battery operated exfoliating brush (included) is loud and cheap. I dont use any of these things as much i thought i would."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I agree with the reviewer below me..I have used nothing else but this product for over 15 yrs. I have tried so many $$$$$$$$$$$ nothing works better than this.Some products are much too aggressive for the eye area.Having very sensitive skin/eyes, everything I have ever tried irritates my eyes, or is to heavy & greasy.This removes the dark circles, feels extremely cool when applying, is not greasy, but moisturizes & keeps those lines in control .I use it morning & night, can be put in fridge also for hour or (2) before if your eyes are puffy, works wonderfully for that !It's perfect, I hope it never gets discontinued I would be lost without it.Thanks"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I put in my sons bathroom & he's as picky as me.  This doesn't leak out all over the tub like I thought it would.  I just knew when I hung it & went to clean his bathroom, there would be residue from whatever was coming out of this dripping on to the tub underneath it.  I am happy to say, there is NONE!  Easy to install & this thing isn't moving, installed with silicone which I love.  Easy to refill as well. A+ for this little mechanism!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have not owned a blow dryer since 197?. However, after seeing so many products for curly blow dried hair  in Ulta, Target etc I thought maybe I should reconsider the blow dryer. I went on youtube to see what the latest info was on blow dryers. After watching lots of vids on youtube and reading amazon reviews I bought this from my local drug store. I thought if it didn't work for me I could keep it on hand for folks with straight hair when they stayed over at my house. I tried it and love the result.  I have coarse curly hair and it took less than 20 min to dry. The button placement was a bit odd, but it is an easy thing to learn. Additionally, it is not very noisy and my bathroom doesn't smell like burnt hair. I could nit pick and give this product 3 or 4 stars but I think with operator practice and a phenomenal price point it warrants 5 stars."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "With below the shoulder hair, I found this to dry it quickly and without burning.  I have fine, thick hair so usually it takes 10 minutes or more to dry ... and other dryers run so hot that they burn if focused in one spot for more than a moment (to set a wave, for instance).  This gets just hot enough to be safe and pleasant to use.The finger-attachment might be useful if someone else is styling your hair, but my arms (I'm 5'9\") aren't long enough to make its use practicable.Two speeds, two heat settings (plus cold-shot button) actually give a very usable range for drying efficiently.  Took me less time than with my previous dryer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this wash for years since I have sensitive skins and my back breaks out bad.  I use to use the regular wash but when the grapefruit scent came out, I've been hooked.  I love the fresh scent of grapefruit which is a great smell to help wake you up in the shower in the morning.  Also, as I've been using Neutrogena since I was a teenager (like 15 years now)...I am a huge fan of this wash and works great!  I rarely break out and I attribute it to Neutrogena.  The price on Amazon is comparatively priced to my local box stores but I have Prime so it's a nice now to able to buy and have shipped directly to my house without having to make a special trip to the boxed stores.  Thanks Amazon!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I was hoping this would eliminate the need to blow-with-a-brush my thick short hair.  But unfortunately it  doesn't provide enough control to replace that.  It's good for touch ups, but when I used it on my hair that I didn't blow dry, it didn't give enough control.  My hair stayed frizzy and lost its shape quickly.  I don't like using a curling iron, but with the clip it does provide more control and has more effect on the hair.Based on the other reviews it does replace that process for many users, but didn't for me.Pros:Easy to useAdjustable heat settingsGood for touch upsProbably not damaging to hairCons:Doesn't provide enough control for thick, coarse hairDoes not seal the cuticle, hence doesn't stop the frizzies"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Olay Total Effect's facial lotion is an excellent everyday lotion.  It goes on smoothly and a little goes a long way.  It has no fragrance and absorbs quickly.  The one issue I have is that it leaves me looking a bit shiny.The bottle that it comes in is small and travels well.  It's easy to pump out the exact amount that you need.I have combination sensitive skin and I've not noticed and issues or breakouts.  I've been using it for about a month now with good results."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Ive been using this since like the 6th grade (Im 26 now). I use it probably 1-2x a week and its amazing. It helps minimize pores and kill current pimples. Its very easy to use. I just put it on, go do the dishwasher or something and then take a shower and get it off. I take it off in the shower with water/soap and then follow it up with the mint julep facial scrub. When I get out of the shower my face is smooth, pores are reduced and my skin is glowing.The bottle lasts forever too!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a great value and offers great protection.I have very fair skin and I'm often frustrated when selecting moisturizers... anything above SPF 15 is either expensive or just regular, old sunblock.And then I found this! It's reasonably priced and offers SPF 30. Even more importantly, it's &#34;broad spectrum&#34;, which means it protects from rays that cause sunburn AND wrinkles and cancer. (Although BEWARE: Eucerin's similarly packaged body lotion with SPF 15 is NOT broad spectrum - BAD EUCERIN!)Previously, I used Olay, but couldn't find a higher SPF.I have VERY sensitive skin. Derms always recommend Cetaphil at the bargain end for skin like mine, and that even gave me a terrible rash. Even around the eye area, I'm able to use this moisturizer with no clogged pores or irritation.It's the best I've tried and I've tried all the usual drugstore suspects. I hope it stays on shelves for a long time!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I switch around among the usual suspects--Eucerin, Aveeno, Neutrogena,etc. but this is my favorite. It's truly fragrance free with a high SPF, and a little goes a long way. It spreads nicely over the skin with a smooth feel. I don't notice the so-called white residue some have mentioned--I slather it on and let it dry for a minute or two, and if any excess cream is still visible I then blend it in easily. I haven't used it long enough to notice that my wrinkles are less visible--I don't really believe that anything topical will help anyway, and I'm not about to do anything more drastic, so this lotion is great for me. The price here for two is excellent."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't think my skin is overly sensitive or anything but this product caused my neck to start burning and itching, I had to wash the product off of my neck immediately.It also caused my face to break out, I gave it a few tries to see if my skin just needed to get used to it but my skin was not happy.For me this was a waste of money. It also has this chemical smell that even my fiance noticed after I put it on.I would not recommend this."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Granted, it is the industrial ingredient standard, but What Suave has done for the knockoff is what Armani has done for the couture industry. Suave Daily Clarifying Shampoo (comes in clear-Blue or clear-White)washes away the daily grime of product use and can also be used to treat swimmer's hair in a pinch. For just under $2.00 it is a real gem, and if I wasn't such a die-hard Aubrey Organics fan, I'd use it every shampoo... Like I said, it's a real keeper (and great for all hair types) !  A+/A-"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the best bang for your buck when it comes to inexpensive mascaras. It definitely gives lashes dramatic volume but in a way that draws attention to your eyes and not your makeup. It doesn't clump at all, and it only flakes if you really start rubbing your eyes. My only complaint with this product is that it is very difficult to remove...but it's a waterproof mascara. It's supposed to be long lasting! When I shower and wash my face each night it will not budge. It doesn't bother me, but if you are someone who must remove every speck before bedtime, this is not for you!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I&#8217;m a fan of a lot of Palmers&#8217; products and was looking for a good body oil so I really thought I would like this. Having used baby oil in the past, I was shocked at how quickly this was used up. The baby oil would last easily through the winter and beyond, but this barely lasted a month. The consistency was quite thin and runny, so a lot of it was lost in the process of trying to apply. Then &#8211; possibly because of thinness? -  I felt like I needed more. I have used sweet almond oil in the past and it has a similar consistency. On the bright side, it smelled good and felt good, but because of the above issues I won&#8217;t be buying again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have spent so much money over the years on skincare ! Bought all the expensive brands ( Estee Lauder, Lancome etc ) My skin is sensitive and on the drier side and almost everything I used did not work .  I use this for my face !  I am 53  and this stuff is incredible ! It makes your skin very soft and not greasy at all ! I  Great under your make up too . The glycerine is the ingredient that will do the trick !  I have used it now for years and I will not buy anything else . You need so little that it lasts a long time too ."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used to use liquid foundation when I was younger and my pores were much smaller.  Now that I am in my 40's I find that liquid foundation doesn't apply well and leaves my face looking flaky.  This product is perfect to use in place of liquid, applies evenly and covers blemishes well.  It can be applied throughout the day to reduce shininess and doesn't cake or build up.  This is the only product I use unless I am going for a more dramatic look, in which case I use a silicone primer and liquid but, even then I apply this on top of the liquid with a brush to reduce shine"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Love Cetaphil!  Used to spend big bucks on those fancy dancy products at the dept. store.  Tried this at the recommendation of a dermatologist who told me all that I really wanted was a good moisturizer....that a prescription would be needed by those companies if they lived up to their claims.....I've been using Cetaphil ever since....also the cleanser.You just can't go wrong.  It's  non -greasy, keeps your skin moist all day....and before you go to bed, after washing your face, all night!  It can be used all over your body actually:  those elbows!I get told all the time that I look much younger than I am, and also that my skin is beautiful....well, I dunno about all that, but any help I get is because of Cetaphil.  I also like bare minerals radiance (slight shimmer) and Nars for some of their liquids (blushes) that I put on to make my skin have a dewy look."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the first winter of my life that I have had my skin dry up so fast like it has been. I concocted a mixture of Shea butter, coconut oil, cocoa butter oil, vitamin e oil and have been putting it on my skin just for my skin to suck it in and be dry and itchy in about 2 hours. Yesterday, I bought this product, along with the matching body wash. No dryness, no itching.  I slept without scratching all freaking night for the first night in a month or so. What a relief! This is my new wintertime lotion."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the real Versace Bright Crystal fragrance.  My bottle was not open, tampered with, or have a strong alcohol smell. I love how clean this perfume smells. I tried it out at Macy's. I wanted to try a fendi  scent, but the salesman asked me to try Bright Crystal and another Versace scent. I smelled the other first and then Bright Crystal. I was instantly sold on the Bright Crystal. I sprayed it on myself and then came straight to amazon to get it at a fraction of the price. The bottle is huge! I'll be wearing this everyday to the office, I'm sure I'll receive tons of compliments. Because the scent is not overpowering and very clean, I don't have to worry about it being too loud in an office setting. Thanks amazon!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have sensitive skin and a history of melanoma so I require a high spf.  I chose this product because my old product was discontinued, Aveeno has typically been very gentle and this one offered a 30 spf, which I need.It smells like sunscreen.  It went on easily but after a few minutes, it feels like it's kind of caked on.  Like a layer on top of my skin.  After a few hours, my skin felt very dried out as if I hadn't put a moisturizer on at all.  Three days into using it, I got two huge under the skin pimples that left marks on my face for over week."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I ADORE this leave-in conditioner! It smells nice, it works great, and it doesn't leave a nasty feeling residue in my hair! I have very curly hair, and live in a humid climate. This stuff was GREAT for humid days. I use it EVERY day after showering, before I put in any other products, and it helps keep my hair from damage due to styling products. If I use just the conditioner, it leaves my hair soft and less frizzy. It's WONDERFUL stuff, and Amazon has a GREAT price!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "First off, The description states that is had a paraben it it. IT DOES NOT!! Parabens are harmful to us , manufacturers like them because they preserve the shelf life of a product which is cancerous to our bodies. Alba botanica products do not contain parabens especially not this item. It is written in big bold letters on the bottle:No animal testing, artificial colors, prabens, phthalates, sodium lauryl/lareth or methyl sulfate. !!When I step out the shower, my skin looked so well moisturized, I didnt even need to lotion. It was radiant, as if I went to the spa. I loved the shine so much, Im excited everytime I use it. Unlike the minty version of this product this one has actual moisturizing benefits and I suffer from dry skin so that's a plus!It smells wonderful and what can I say its a great NATURAL product!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have pretty clear but dry skin. I wanted something light and easy to apply that wouldn't dry out my skin. I decided to take a chance on this one since I generally like Aveeno. I'm really pale so I did like that it added a tiny bit of color to my face and that I could just rub it like any moisturizer.Aside from that, I didn't like the sparkles in it. I can't tell you how hard it is for me to find a foundation or tinted moisturizer that doesn't have sparkles in it. I prefer my makeup to look like I'm not wearing any, the sparkles take away from that illusion.This is just a preference though, because apparently there are people who do like all that glitter in their makeup but if you're like me and prefer a more natural look, try a Korean BB cream instead like Skin79."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love the formula for the Revlon Super Lustrous Lipsticks - I own a handful of different shades and this was an excellent addition.  The lipstick is creamy but not sticky and doesn't bleed even without lip liner.  The shade is very opaque and gets good color on one swipe, but I find it has better staying power after a dab with some tissue and then reapplication.  The color itself is perfectly neutral for my lips, evens the color out slightly and adds the barest natural pink to my lips.  Not sure how that'll help other people, but I've got lightly tanned/olive skin tone for some perspective.  10/10 would buy again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The facts are:With Badger Balm, product ingredients vary, even though most of their products are created with the intention of offering skin moisture,healing and protection.Depending on what Badger Balm item you choose- you may find it to meet CRUELTY FREE standards- and then, maybe not.While  this Healing Balm is wonderful( as are many of their products), if you are concerned about the use of beeswax(which many people actually do have a concern over)- you may want to pass on certain products made by them or the company itself.This is an individual decision. Review the ingredients.I feel confident, that if the company excluded beeswax from their list of ingredients- the performance of their products would not suffer from the  lack of it.Since I have not purchased and tested all their merchandise I can't offer you as much info as I would like."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I will admit -- I do feel this product was helping reduce my acne. However, I developed a really nasty yeast infection about two weeks in (sorry to be gross but want to give an honest review) and I also noticed a weird stinging sensation in my lower abdomen. I did some online searching and noticed some people say they develop gastro issues with this product. I didn't add anything else new to my routine and haven't had a yeast infection in years. May be totally un-related but once I stopped the product, my stomach issues stopped. I think this is a good product, but for me, the side effects were not worth it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've found this shampoo in Mom's grocery stores, but they are almost always cheaper online.  It has a gentler formula than let's say selsun blue.  It also has a &#34;fresh&#34; smell.  It does not smell like tea or mint.  However, it is a little on the &#34;runny&#34; side for shampoo and may leave a little &#34;dustiness&#34; to your hair.  I'm not sure if it just makes my hair attract dust, if it's shampoo residue.  It's not noticeable unless you examine your hair under a microscope - which i do."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It's not just an ad campaign, a super-absorbent towel really does speed up hair drying. I spend less time with the hair dryer when I use this towel. Less time with the hair dryer means my hair looks less fried out and feels softer.I liked the idea of the hair turbans that came out a few years ago, but realistically they never quite fit. For me the loops and buttons and such were not in quite the right place for my particular head. A flat towel works much better for me. It is nice and long so I can make my own turban.I have two different brands of these hair towels. The Aquis one is much softer than the other one.I confess that I pretty much ignore any special laundry instructions. I figure it lives in the bathroom, it must be laundered with the other bath towels with no special care. So far it is holding up well under that arrangement."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I chose tiis moisturizer because it did not have SPF in it and it was advertised as not to clog the pore on my face.  I seems a little more pricey than Oil of Olay.  I have always used a moisturizer after shaving, it does a far better job of soothing the skin thanalcohol based products P.S. after about 1/2 of the bottle the pump no longer will pump and you are left with 1/2 bottle that you have to beat out with your hand to get it.... I won't make this mistake again of ordering this... Shame of them..."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought these awhile back and wrote a favorable review on them, but they seem to have become useless somehow. I used to get nice bouncy curls, but now the rollers don't hold heat and when I unroll my hair it comes out frizzy, fuzzy and kinky. I was shocked because they used to work so well. I've taken good care of my set, I never leave it on or forget to turn it off for long periods, and I can't imagine it wearing out so quickly, especially because I only use them maybe twice a week. I will not be buying another set, I think I'm going with the BabyLiss hot rollers this time.P.S. They only come with three clips."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have trouble with hand creams because my hands sweat more than the average person's. As a result, I find this lotion to be somewhat slow absorbing. It almost feels like a thicker version of aquaphor - very rich and emoliant, maybe even a bit greasy. However, I notice that my cuticles are very well moisturized when I use this and the effects last several hours. I suggest using it sparingly. It won't be my holy grail hand cream, but I will definitely use it in conjunction with a more fast absorbing and lighter lotion."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "it is way to strong for my face, i had use a dime size all over my wet face and then rinse,after i look in the mirror my face was red all over.it went straight in the garbage,but what i do like is clean and clear blackhead eraser scrub,it smell really good and leaves my face super soft,so i will continue to use clean and clear blackhead eraser scrub,as for the clean and clear continuous control acne cleanser never again will i put that crap on my face."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product seems to be making my fine lines fade. I only use it around my eyes and sometimes my forehead on the horizontal creases. I have used it almost nightly for about a month, and even though my sleeping has been less than desirable, my fine lines are definetly minimized. I am using this as a preventive measure (I am only 24 years old) so not sure how it would work on more mature skin. My one criticism is that it also seems to dry my face out slightly. This product is very potent with Alpha Hydroxy Acids(10%) which can cause irritation, photo-sensitivity and flaking. Research has shown that AHA can reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, but there is little evidence to suggest long-term efficacy."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "After a couple of times of using this, my scalp psoriasis has disappeared. I will continue using occasionally just to help with that.Update - This is working! I havent had any problems since I started using it. I use it 1-2 times a week now. I forgot to mention that it stinks... It does consist of coal tar so you can expect to smell like tar. I will use this and then a fragrant shampoo after to try to lessen the smell.I also have color treated hair and it has not caused any problems with that."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My skin is pretty oily and the pores are larger than I'd like. After using this cleanser for 3 months or so, I do notice a difference.Texture was what I picked up on the first time I used it. It is pretty thick, and the beads are definitely micro. It didn't feel real grainy, which I liked. A little goes a long way, and since this tube is so big it should last a while. I haven't even used a quarter of mine yet.I use this along with Origins Zero Oil Moisturizer and Origins Clear Improvements Charcoal Mask. I found them to be pretty effective at making my pores look smaller, cleaner and less overall oil production. It has a really good price point. Many a department store cleansers can cost 3-4X as much.It does work over time, so don't expect to see much difference in the beginning. I will buy it again and continue my routine. I've seen good improvement in the last few months."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'll admit that I don't know much about curling irons, but I'm pretty satisfied. I do have a few biffs about it. THe more you use it, the harder it is to curl your hair. You have to let it stand alone for a while to continue. The dial is a PAIN!! That's a big design flaw. It's so easy to turn and often while curling my hair I accidentally turn it down so I am constantly checking to see if it's still there. Luckily I use the highest setting, but if you were using another number, you'd die. Otherwise, curls fine. I definitely got my money's worth, but that's about it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Just the scent and lotion I've been looking for. Ecco Bella Vanilla is amazingly creamy and luxurious. It's gourmet lotion! I absolutely love the feel of it on my skin. It's not greasy yet it delivers fabulous moisture to dry skin. The vanilla smells heavenly. It's subtle and natural but you won't be able to stop smelling your own arms because the scent is SO intoxicating. It DOES NOT leave you smelling like a cupcake. It's a sexy vanilla scent. I will purchase more before this runs completely out."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have very acne prone skin, so I thought if I used this it would help my skin.  Maybe it has and my skin would be much worse without it.  But, I use this everyday and I still have a decent amount of acne.  Maybe it is stress?  I don't know.  I use it on a loofa puff.  Maybe if you use it on a washcloth it would be better?  I don't know.  I usually have really good luck with Neutrogena items, so I am giving this three stars, assuming it will work better for other skin.  Plus I am 40, and my hormones are much different than a teenager that might be the target group for this item."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm becoming obsessed with hair products so now I always like to have something in my hair even when I'm not styling it. I love this product because it's a spray, and it's quick to use. It doesn't leave my hands sticky, and I can put it in my hair as soon as I get out of the shower. I use it before I use other hair products too. Plus, it smells really good!I mostly love it because it's a spray and not a cream. It's cheap, and I will definitely be buying this again when I run out."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this system at a \"Bed, Bath, and Beyond\" store. I used it, and I really did like the whole Facial Sauna System. However, not too long after using the system, problems did occur. The moisturizing sponge attachment wore down & eventually fell apart...And there's really no way to order a replacement. The other problem was that the actual Facial Tool eventually stopped working. I thought perhaps I needed to replace the batteries, although when I put new batteries in, it still did not work. So the only thing left that still works is the Facial Steamer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I was very happy to get this palette, now I wish it was offered in subscription form like some of the makeup we use daily is.  In this unnamed set you can do a lot of blending, sculpting, highlighting and concealing.  The product is nicely pigmented, it's smooth and applies well then blends out beautifully. I have normal to dry skin as I'm 59 years, this works wonderfully under my foundation.  I also use a silicone based primer,which works well for my skin type to give me the fresh, dewy look I love.You get a good amount of product for your money here, so this is well worth the cost.  What more can you say, if one is willing to repurchase a product then that says more than mere words."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I guess I don't know how to use a facial peel off mask or something, but I am not happy. First off, it's like glue. It's the same thing as getting elmers glue, just smells like cucumbers. I can't spread it around to my face and it peels off like glue on your hands. You know when you get glue on your hands and peel it off as a kid? Same thing, except you can't spread it around like Elmer's. It took me forever to get it off my face and was not nice because I have peach fuzz. It got in my hair and I had to wash it out, and I didn't see a difference whatsoever in my face except that it was red from trying to get it all off. If you want a pain in the ass (and I don't like to cuss), buy this. This is something that I would never recommend to anyone whatsoever. If I'm doing it the wrong way, please someone tell me!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product is as close to useless as it can get.  It's a waste of money.  First of all, it falsely advertises as  it doesn't \"peel\" anything.  Normally with a face masque of any kind, you will see a remarkable instant \"glowing\" or \"brightening\" of your skin because it deep cleans.  This product is too thin to be of any benefit.  It does not deep clean and the slightest bit of perspiration will immediately start to dissolve it.  After one tube, I would never buy it again and I do not recommend it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "These wipes are a great find. As many have mentioned, they are not easy to find in stores and you cannot beat the price on Amazon. I use them as an adult, just recently, for nights. I am too lazy to wash my face and these wipes have been a great help in clearing up my dull skin. I find they are gentl and non-drying. They have a light, pleasant smell to them as well. My only wish is that they come in a subscribe and save option."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Sometimes you get what you pay for. This is one of those cases. There's no lint on the back that would cause it to overheat or anything. One day it just started switching to a warm/cool setting even though it was set to hot. As time went on, it just doesn't even get hot anymore at all, warm at best. I had this less than 1 year and always kept the back cleared of lint so this is just a junk product. I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because it does come with attachments that similarly priced dryers don't usually come with, and there's a removable cover thing on the lint trap in the back that makes it way easier to clean, you can remove it and wash it off in the sink in 2 seconds. But it doesn't work long so don't expect much."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have used Jason products for many years, mainly because they do not test on animals. I believe that is very important to many people. This body wash lasts a  long time, just one pump onto my fluffy wash thing, (I never know what they call those little round net things we have so many of), anyway, one pump is enough to supply a ton of foaming suds that make you feel so clean and it rinses off so easily. Leaves my skin soft and not dry. I am a great fan of this body wash because I do like tea tree oil for it's antiseptic properties,  and  I also buy the lavender one, for it's soothing effect. I alternate between the two of them.  It is a great bargin for the price considering how much body wash we use.  I think it would be good for a large family of kids because the Koala bear is just too cute."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm very picky when it comes to fragrance. I love to wear it, but I don't want to leave it on others after a handshake or a hug. My fragrance needs to be subtle.I sample a lot of fragrance until I settle on one that I really love and right now, BRIGHT CRYSTAL is what I put on each morning.BRIGHT CRYSTAL is like standing in a flower garden on a warm spring day and having a slight breeze blow just a hint of the garden's aroma in your direction.I put on a few drops in the morning and BRIGHT CRYSTAL is with me all day.I can't fully describe a fragrance without including a very important aspect of the product--the bottle. BRIGHT CRYSTAL is a pink liquid that comes in a rectangular clear bottle with an oversized oval-cut &#8220;crystal&#8221; stopper. It looks nice on the counter.If you enjoy a light floral scent, I definitely recommend BRIGHT CRYSTAL by Versace."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I curl my hair pretty frequently, I'm a fan of Old Hollywood style and have been on the lookout for a good pair of rollers for ages. I was hesitant to get Conair ones because most of my other cheaper hair supplies have been disappointing, but I read some good reviews and decided to go for it.So glad I did! These rollers are great, they get super hot and retain heat for forever. I have really thick heavy hair, but letting these rollers cool while in my hair ensures I have bouncy awesome curls for DAYS. Love them!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Ever since my friend told me about Cetaphil a few years ago I have not used any thing else! Since then I have been introducing my friends and family to Cetaphil soaps and creams. Not only does it make your face and body so smooth and soft but I think it makes you look younger. I have noticed that the wrinkles around my eyes and forehead seem to have diminished a little. I highly recommend the lotions and face creams. This is a great product for all ages of women. You will feel the diffence on your skin as soon as you apply it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This shampoo does not smell like strawberry. It smells like Jolly Rancher or Starburst strawberry flavored candy. Perhaps a bit like Marie Callender's frozen strawberry pie.  It is sweet and artificial, but not too strong. Nevertheless, I love it. It takes me back to junior high almost instantly  (when I was 12, I purchased any personal care product based on the way it smelled...bonus points for fruity). It lathers well and removes any conditioner product you might have used the prior day/week/year. If you have dry hair and are looking for conditioning shampoo, look elsewhere. This is a shampoo for stripping your hair of excess product. It is not organic, it is not eco-friendly, and it is not really natural. I use it when I need to clarify my hair (and take a nostalgic return to 9th grade)."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't like spending a lot of money and I don't like going to get my hair done. Over the years I try to save money by buying the cheaper boxes but my hair never turns out the way I want it to. When I use Feria it comes out exactly how I want it each time. I also love that it's pretty much the only box that gives out true highlights. It's amazing. Other plus about Feria is that it comes with a lot of actual product. Meaning if you have long hair you only need to buy one box! In the end it's just better to spend a couple more dollars to make yourself look great. I've never had a problem with any Feria hair colors. I love it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this hand cream for nearly 20 years and is perfect. I have has issues with my hands cracking and bleeding during the winter months, I worked at a hospital and a nurse told me about trying this and it almost seemed impossible to have hands that could feel so soft and not bleed. I have dry skin to start with then the winters have made them almost impossible to keep them from hurting and this stuff has made them feel almost normal. I gave some to my grandma that had very dry skin like mine and this is all she uses and was so thankful for the product. I would recommend this to anyone who has any issue with dryness on the body. You will thank yourself for giving this a try."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this so much!This mask is everything I was looking for: thick, not too pungent, great ingredients, and best of all, IT WORKS!I use this mask whenever I've had a long day and I know the oil/dirt buildup on my skin is a lot or if I fell asleep the night before and was too lazy and tired to wash my face.You simply apply it, let it dry, rinse, then continue to wash your face with you normal cleanse.I paired this mask along with the Freeman Pineapple Enzyme mask (which smells amazing might I add!) and with my normal Neutrogena cleanser/toner and together they have brought my skin (which was blemished and damaged) back to life.I truly love this and recommend this to anyone whose skin easily gets oily just like mine."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I applied the cream correctly every time, and it soothes effectively and provides a protective barrier for the skin, BUT does not deliver moisture to the skin The product doesn't have much moisture in it in the first place because it is \"concentrated\" apparently but i need moisture!! WHY ELSE WOULD I BUY HAND CREAM? obviously i want to moisturize my dry hands.The texture is grainy, I'm guessing it's the concentrated bits of dried cream or something, but it's very unpleasant feeling. It smells like plastic even though it's fragrance free."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I really wanted a very light night cream. I'm sure this mosturizes well but it left a residue that was still present the next morning. I tried it again and again, using less each time until I was putting the merest suggestion of cream on my face - no longer enough to even begin to moisturize. Reluctantly I took this off my subscription list and won't buy it again.But I do realize this is a preference thing. For some people - different age, different skin, different preferences - it might be wonderful. Certainly it seemed well blended and was fragrance free as described. For me, it came out probably one or two stars. But I'm giving it three because I think it's a nice enough product - just not for me."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've only used this lotion on my neck where there were some tiny brown skin tags. They had been there for a very long time and I didn't know what to do to get rid of them. I wasn't sure what this lotion would do but wanted to give it a shot. I applied it on my neck every night. After 1 week I noticed the skin tags had noticeably flatten. I continued to use it for another 2 weeks, and 60-70% of the skin tags were gone. However, whatever left on my skin seem to be stubborn. They don't react to the lotion anymore. I lost my patience and eventually stopped using the lotion. I am switching to ROC retinol serum and will see if it'll clear all the skin tags. I plan to use the remainder of the AHA lotion on my face. Hopefully it'll help to reduce my large pore size and acne."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this for my mom who loves the color. She wants me to get a couple more because she's wants backups.I tried it several times and I would say the formula is VERY good for a lipstick at this price point. It doesn't last amazingly long and isn't as AMAZING as some of the more expensive lipsticks I own (Estee Lauder, Mac). But the difference in price is HUGE. And if you're okay with several touch ups in the day, it makes a good every day lipstick."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have used this with my last 2 pregnancies and have no stretch marks. Don't know if it's because of this oil, but I know it can't hurt! I love that this oil does not stain, however, I only use it at night under my tank tops that I wear to bed. This oil does have a slight cocoa smell, but it's not nauseating at all. I am easily turned off by strong odors, but it's so faint that I don't smell it for long. Would highly recommend!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used the Olay Regenerist cleanser, St. Ives scrub, Neutrogena, Estee Lauder, Ahava - need I go on? But I really like this Aveeno scrub (though \"scrub\" is a bit of an overstatement considering how small the beads are). I like the citrusy smell and the way it cleans gently. I wish it were a little more scrubby but I can't seem to find something that's about half way between this and the super-rough St. Ives so I'll stick with this until I do."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I hate lotions because it makea me feel like i have something on my face and some will make me break out as well.  Nothing I found made my face feel clean and refreshed.I have tried various different types (both expensive name brands and not so expensive ones from drug stores and other retail) and hadn't found one I like.However, i found aveeno face scrub wash worked really well with my skin, and decided to give this one a try.I can say, I have finally found something that i can wear without the weight or the break out.  I think i will be using this for a long time.i'm soooooo glad to have found this lotion.It makes me feel refreshed without all the weight nor the breakout."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "While I was waiting to get this product me (being impatient) went out and bought a knock off brand from a local store. I'd have to say so far the knock off brand worked better than this. I did not feel the face tightening effect other viewers had described with this product (though i did with the store bought brand) and this has caused me to break out in the most unpleasent of places on my face. Weird places like in between my eyes and eyebrows and forehead. Perhaps I will try again in the future but I am dissapointed in this product right now."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I usually read ingredient lists carefully, but I guess the name fulled me and I thought this product had some AHA's.  After using it for a while and not seeing or feeling any difference (AHA's should sting a bit) I checked and sure enough, despite the name, no AHAs.  I wanted a product with AHAs and think the company's name is deceiving on such a product.  I thought they only sold products with AHAs.  Perhaps they aren't doing this intentionally, but it is confusing and I wanted to let everyone know in case you were fooled too."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I want to know what all the hype is about...it certainly is not a bad cleanser at all. In fact, it is pretty awesome! Usually (with panoxyl(sp?)at least) benzoyl peroxide - the main acne fighter in this product - dries me out and irritated my skin. So, its gentle on the BP sensitive. Also, (I don't like it but) it does have menthol which gives the \"wake up\" cooling sensation. I suppose I'm not being fair as I haven't tried it as a mask yet, but the product doesn't seem to be that great on my acne (which is mainly stubborn blackheads and some whiteheads). It does an okay job of preventing new formations, but its not touching what I already have. That is why I went to try the Oil Free Grapefruit cleanser. BAD IDEA. Compared to THAT hot mess, this is a gem!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It does not smell like sesame oil at all, which is good. Not like the smell of food. It actually has a very pleasant smell.  Oil is not too thick.  Nice to apply after a bath, but you can also put some on the tub when relaxing. Wife and I are using it especially more often during the winter.  It helps you to stay a little bit warm.  Helps your skin to keep it from drying.  Not bad to use for massage, but kinda expensive for that purpose."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "So as a guy, I never considered using any kind of facial stuff.  Well I was convinced to \"try\" a mud masque.  Let me tell you, in just one use, I could definately see an improvement.  If you never used a masque before, its not that bad of a feeling.  But when I was done I could see how my skin was more \"tight\"  the effects lasted for about 1 week.  I've done this masque 2 times since then and every time there is a dramatic imrpovement.  I'd recomend this product over the Green one.Queen Helene Masque, Mint Julep - 8 oz"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Okay, so I'm a guy... but yes, once a week I scrub my face with St Ives Swiss Formula Apricot Scrub.  I have gone through this ritual for about 20 years now.  I'm not crazy about the new scent, but this brand name item is the best out there.  (I've used the generic).  I'm 45 years old while writing this review... but I look at least 10 years younger.  Is it because of St Ives or is it genetic?  I'll never know... but I'm going to continue to use this product until I die.  Keeps my face smooth (makes it easier to shave with an electric) and keeps my pores open.  That's about all I ever wanted to use this for and I believe it serves it's purpose."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This stuff is a miracle. I have incredibly dry skin from eczema and allergies. Winter is pretty awful for me. My skin, especially my legs, get very dry and itchy. Then I scratch and they hurt. Then I put lotion on and they sting. And I've tried everything, having particular luck with colloidal oatmeal lotions, but they weren't perfect.But this has been a godsend.Even though I use Cetaphil face wash, I would have never thought to try this out but received it in a package of products from Allure called the Allure Beauty Box. After my first use I was in love.It's thick, feels nice going on, doesn't burn, and kept my skin unbelievably healthy. I haven't scratched my legs once all winter for the first time in 25 years. Seriously unbelievable.I can't recommend this enough. Really does what it says!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "One of my favorite peel-off masks. A treat for my face. Exfoliates/peels and leaves my skin feeling super clean and soft. It's gentle on skin but cleans effectively.  The cucumber mask feels great in the hot summer months for deep cleaning and leaves my face feeling refreshed and renewed.  Dries fairly quickly and peels easily.  I use a cucumber toner after peeling off and my skin feels calmed and soothed. I have better results with moisturizing when I use this peel a couple times per week."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a lot like the Nivea Visage Q10 that stopped coming to the US and you can buy online still (made by the same company, Beiersdorf, in their factory in Poland). It's impressively cheap, it moisturizes really well, you can use it morning or night, it has no fragrance or dye, so you can use it around your eyes without them getting red or swollen.Negatives - it doesn't have the immediate effectiveness that retinol products do, then again you can't use those during the day. Also, an sunscnreen would make this more useful. I'm not a fan of using many different lotions, so I'm unlikely to buy this again, as it's neither an ideal night nor day lotion, even if it is a great value and a solid product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Is plastic getting expensive?  Because the plastic that the hinged cover on this is made out of is SO THIN...I would describe it as \"fragile.\"  In fact, there's already a small crack on one side.The on/off switch was also faulty - I had to jiggle it back and forth to get it to turn on initially.  It would only stay on if I kept the switch positioned in the middle.This is by FAR the poorest quality set of hot rollers I have ever bought.I only gave it two stars because it DID heat up evenly, and the rollers themselves would be nice in a better \"house.\"Thank goodness the switch was faulty and part of it arrived cracked, since you can return defective items and not pay for the return shipping on Amazon!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I suffer from dry hands... My own fault - I hate to wear rubber gloves when I do things. This lotion is a saver. It has NO water whatsoever and all the good stuff. So, a good sugar scrub and an application of this later, my hands look like I've never done any housework in my life. Highly recommended. I know it's a body lotion, but the rest of me is not dry enough to waste this on... It is rich, so if your legs are dry from shaving, it will probably save them too."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Having used this fragrance free oil for years, I was saddened to find it had disappeared from my local stores.  Only the scented one is available locally, and after trying it, I vowed never to use it again.  How delighted I was to find my old favorite on Amazon.  It works best if applied to wet skin after bathing, then towel dry gently.  It is a very light oil, and is absorbed quickly. Regular use will restore dry skin to a soft, supple condition. Very highly recommended.  Thank you, Amazon! (And, of course, thank you Neutrogena, for developing the product in the first place!)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product smells great. It has a coconut/beachy/light smell that fades so it is not overpowering at all. I wash my hair with shampoo and conditioner, then spray it on my dry hair and comb thru. It leaves my hair super soft and smooth. I even used it a day after washing my hair when I woke in the morning to smooth out bed head. It does not leave your hair greasy or weighed down at all. Not sure how that is possible but I love it. I have atomic pink hair and it does not fade my color."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't curl my hair every day so I didn't need to get a high-end curler.  I dropped my old curling iron (10+ years old) and had to buy one from an all-night pharmacy.  I paid twice as much as the Amazon price but was very happy with the curling iron.  What a surprise to save 50% thru Amazon for the exact same product.  Now I have one tucked into my overnight bag for visits to the grandkids.The iron does everything I need it to do.  Heats quickly, evenly, and has an automatic turn-off.  The barrel is the perfect width (you'd be surprised how much this can vary.)  It feels great in my hand without being cumbersome."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've bought this before at the drugstore and used it until it was gone.  The smell is light, the formula is light; it was just a good option for using a dab to stay hydrated without feeling greasy.Problem is, either they changed the formula or I got a bad batch.  Now, even if I apply the thinnest layer to my face, using a dot smaller than the size of a pencil eraser, I get this weird greasy feeling all over.  Shortly after that is what I call \"the water stage,\" where as if by magic, my entire face seems to have a fine sheen of water just sitting right on top.  I seriously have to go pat dry with a towel, because it looks like I've worked up a sincere sweat.  I don't know what's wrong with this product, and I'm holding onto it to try in the dry winter months, but I'm not optimistic.  At this point, I would not order it again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I wanted a good face wash that doesn't sting my eyes and leave them bright red with irritation.  I read another reviewers comments that this face wash was non irritating to your eyes & decided to give it a try. It does the job and doesn't irritate my eyes unless I intentionally open them while I'm washing my face. Stupid, I know, but I kind of wanted to see if it would burn? So here's the report: not too much. It did burn but not nearly as much as some others I've tried AND it washed out instantly & didn't leave my eyes scarlet with irritation.My personal favorite face wash is by Philosophy - but that's a huge bottle and really pricey. This is a great size, doesn't take up too much real estate on my bathroom counter & does the job.  I'll definitely order again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This sunblock provides great physical sun protection.  It is good for people who have normal or combination to oily skin.  It feels a little heavy on your face but not as gross or greasy as regular sunblock or sunscreen.  It actually provides decent coverage and evens out your skin tone quite nicely.  The concept of being able to adjust the color of the foundation is pretty cool.  I wish cosmetic companies would provide regular foundations with this concept.  The color is pretty neutral, neither warm nor cool toned.  I could see, however, that on darker skin tones it could possibly be a little ashy due to the mineral sunblock content."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the only sun screen moisturizer that I can find that features the physical combination of zinc oxide and titanium dioxide to provide true broad spectrum UVA/UVB protection without potentially harmful chemicals with adverse effects (like oxybenzone and octinoxate, which interfere with reproductive hormones and metabolism). Unlike chemical agents, physical agents are not susceptible to being absorbed into the skin after they are broken down by the sun. The product initially has a white tint, as if it doesn't have very good consistency, but this fades away within several minutes."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I was trying to replace a peel off mask I had in college over 10 yrs ago but couldn't remember the name; it left my face soft and it was easy to peel off and it didnt have a strong smell, but this product is the opposite. This product is messy to apply and thick, and it takes a long time to dry and I don't see a difference in my face when I take it off. I left it in the draw with all the other products I don't really use because they do nothing special. I mean really!!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This soap is AWESOME! I first found it at a discount store and the single bar lasted 8 months. I wash my face with it twice per day. Olive oil is the perfect for any skin type. Its nature's perfect moisturizer. The bar itself is extremely large so that it will not fit in a normal soap container. I was tempted to buy two just in case but its so large I will have it for awhile. Now that I think about it, I will buy more at the current price. You never know when it might go up in price."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The first one arrived & the facial sauna worked fine, but the little facial scrubber didn't.  Amazon replaced the entire package and everything works fine.  Is it like going to the spa and getting a facial?  No.  But then I didn't pay as much for this little device as the spa paid for the one they use.  The steam isn't a lot, it's gentle.  I did put a towel over my head & that helped.  The sinus attachment works well.  I am pleased with the purchase."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "So far my experience with T/Sal has been really good.  I alternate it with T/Gel.  Between the two it really drops the banhammer on dandruff.  I had such bad dandruff that I could not even wear a black shirt.  Now I can and will only see one or two flakes here and there.  That is pretty impressive.I've found it to be ineffective on my seborrheic dermatitis.  i need to use something else for that.  But for dandruff...awesome."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this because it was on the top ten colognes for men on some site i went too on google. Anyways, it smells really great and lasts all day. I work in a corporate office and its 8 hour days and this scent lasts well pass the time i get home. Warning: you dont need a lot of sprays for this, a few well placed squirts around the neck and the wrists and your good to go. I recommend this, it came well before the estimated delivery time, nothing was tampered with and it smells really great. Get this fragrance and smell like a BOSS!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this color off and on for a few years.  I find the feria line isn't nearly as drying to my hair as others.  My hair feels in great shape when I'm done.  I have a hard time keeping color on my hair (with any box or salon color) - my hair wants to turn blonde...even though my hair is brown and the roots come in brown.  I use this every 6-8 weeks, but my hair is usually pretty blonde when I do.  The color comes out great - no orange tints at all...which is a problem I usually have with other boxes.  I will continue to use and stop switching around!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Amazing sunscreen! I can't use any other after getting this. Even better testimonial is my husband will actually use this too, and he is one to HATE anything creamy. A very small amount of this goes a very long way. It works too, I burn so easy and for an average day (4 to 5 hours) of being in direct sun outside swimming, I have never needed to re-apply. Never had any sunburn, or even the feeling of being sunburned that most sunscreens leave me with. This really works. It has a nice clean smell too, so great for men or women. Non-greasy, it is a little more massaging to rub it in than most of the suncreens I've used in the past, but nothing to difficult at all. Just rub it in and enjoy your day. You will smell fresh and clean the whole time too. Great stuff!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "with just 1 month of using this product my skin already feels so much smoother.  for people that wear makeup this is great for it soaks in very fast and doesn't just lay on top of the skin before you put your makeup on.  i have it delivered monthly and i use in the am and pm.  if it's been a very warm day i put it on again in the afternoon.  love that it has a sunscreen in it.  no such thing as using too much of this in the florida climate.  i highly recommend this.  i don't see however that it would work well for excessively dry skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "While I'm not overly enthusiastic about the scent of this unscented product that is easily remedied by the addition of any essential oil I want to add before slathering this on my skin. The main ingredient seems to be Oat Kernel Flour and that is the main reason I buy this product.The skin calming and healing qualities of oatmeal are almost immediately apparent. Within a few days of using this product you will notice a difference in your skin.This lotion absorbs easily, it is smooth, healing and a creamy comforting addition to your day. If you enjoy scented lotions, try the Aveeno Stress Relief Moisturizing Lotion. I also enjoy using the Aveeno Body Wash and Soaps.If you want to scent this product, buy some rose oiland add a few drops. Rose oil helps to balance your emotionsand that in itself will help your skin.~The Rebecca Review"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've tried many different brands of moisturizer for my very sensitive skin and found this to be completely non-irritating and it moisturizes well. I don't know what \"anti-aging\" means. I wouldn't say that I look any younger as a result of using it. I like that the same amount comes out each time with one press on the pump--it helps prevent accidentally squirting out too much. And I sure wouldn't want to do that because this stuff costs a whole lot per ounce for those of us on a limited budget. The best deal around is to buy a two-pack on Amazon. That cost will beat a retail purchase by several dollars."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this instead of the moisturizer by mistake, and thought I'd give it a try.It works better than most other cleansers I've tried for my more mature, slightly acne prone, sensitive skin. It's gentle, but effective and my skin feels really smooth and great after I use it. I've noticed that it seems to make the Alpha Hydrox Moisturizer more effective. Definitely a plus. The size of the container is ample, and I use about a quarter's worth for my whole face and decolletage, so it will go a long way."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "If you have lame genetic acne (like me!) that does whatever it wants, you NEED to try this moisturizer. All the topical treatments dry my skin out to flake off like a gosh dang lizard lady - and this is one of the very few things that works on gross flaky skin. More importantly, because this stuff sorted out my lizard skin, i'm way less likely to pick my face, and therefore way less likely to introduce bacteria to screw up my clear-ish skin. And let's not forget that acne treatments (retinoid creams, accutane, benzoyl peroxide) make your skin way more likely to burn so this SPF is killer.It has also lasted me for waaaaay longer than i expected! I use it maybe twice a day and a single bottle is still going strong after 6 months. It works fine under some primer and makeup as well.Eucerin: Great for lizard people, lasts forever, just the best everyday facial moisturizer on the market"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "You see so many products that claim to be the 1 that makes your skin flawless, but nothing compares to Olay.I have been using this exact product for almost 3 years and my skin glows, My skin is healthy and no wrinkles at the age of 40.I know good jeans have a lot to do with it and my family does have good jeans but most my family had some wrinkles by time they hit 40 & I have nothing and I know it Is from the use of Olay 2x's a day (morning & night). I highly recommend this product to everyone. I get compliments all the time on my skin glowing and also everyone thinks I am in my mid 20's. IT WORKS!!!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "BEST mascara I've ever used.  I recently had been following the advice of some beauty bloggers and tried a couple other brands only to be disappointed by their clumping, or inability to give me long, beautiful looking lashes (mostly clumping - yuck).So I came back to my old favorite and it's just as good as ever.  This mascara goes on really well-- no clumping even if you slide the wand through your lashes a few times (for complete, awesome coverage).  It makes my eyes look great, doesn't smudge for me.  I have a friend who says she gets raccoon eyes from this-- so she uses their waterproof version and loves it.  So if you touch your eyes a lot or have allergies/watery eyes, maybe go waterproof.  I don't prefer waterproof because I like that this comes off easy with soap and water without need for a special makeup remover."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The reason why it scared me is because this is my first time dying my hair and once my hair dried, it didn't look at all like the color. My hair looked like my natural color only with pink blotches here and there. I went to bed and the next day my hair color looked a little better and my hope was restored. I took a shower and noticed the water going down the drain was pink and I assumed the color was still washing out. When my hair dried this time, the color changed again! Now I'm watching my hair color as the days pass and it seems as if the color is still adjusting to the color on the box. So if you experience the same thing I am, don't panic. The color comes in eventually."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Cetaphil Gentle Skin Cleanser is the gentlest facial cleanser I have been able to find.  I am highly allergic to several different soaps and preservatives, but Cetaphil doesn't cause me to break out, itch, or dry up.I'd suggest the liquid Cetaphil cleanser instead of their soap bar, as bars can cause one to have clogged pours (read: blackheads).The only downside is that it won't remove makeup very easily, so I only use it in the morning and use my trusty cold cream at night.This 4 oz side is perfect to throw in your gym bag or overnight suitcase."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have to say that I'm really bad at using hand lotion.  I never remember to put in on, even in the winter.  The only time I remember is after my hands are already red and cracked.  I came across this stuff a couple winters ago when my hands were in really bad shape.  After the first use, my hands were moisturized and no longer cracked.  What is also great about it is that it lasts through handwashing.  I use this once in the morning and it usually lasts the entire day. Great, great, great product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't know why people use crap like this.It is full of chemicals that I would not put on my body because those chemicals you put ON your body go into your body.So what does one use instead?Well just about EVERY brand you can buy online or at the drugstore uses bad ingredients.So it's better to use natural stuff like:shea butterCoastal Scents Unrefined Shea Butter, 16 Ouncejojoba oilorganic coconut oilYou can easily mix this stuff together and make your own 100% natural and CHEAPER creams and oils for your face and body and not risk getting cancer from all those bad chemicals.Check out this info:beautyoffood.com/?hop=nfopowerUnfortunately the \"beauty industry\" will put any crap into a product if it will make your skin look or feel better but they don't give a dang about how it might affect your overall health.Don't be a chump, use your own cheaper better creams and oils - some stuff like cucumbers which you can rub on your face, are So cheap and work better than anything!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I like the aveeno day moisturizer very much so thought will give this soap a try. But it made the skin very very dry. On top of it started getting more acne. So discontinued using. I got a pack of 3. My husband uses the aveeno face wash and really likes it. Since 2 more soaps were left over and also each and every person skin type and tolerance level are different. We thought he would try using it. But it made him break out immediately. He skin is normal and never had problem with breakouts. So that is it.. We thrashed it and never thought about buying again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Based upon the ingredient list alone with SLS as the fourth ingredient, I can't help but wonder why they call this \"skin relief\" and give this product 3 stars because Aveeno should know better. For those suffering with skin problems, steer clear of this drying, itch causing chemical detergent (also used in car washes!).Water, Glycerin, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Decyl Glucoside, Avena Sativa (Oat) Kernel Flour, Glycol Stearate, Sodium Lauroampho PG Acetate Phosphate, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Hydroxypropyltrimonium Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein, PEG 20 Glycerides, Hydroxypropyltrimonium Hydrolyzed Wheat Starch, PEG 150 Pentaerythrityl Tetrastearate, PEG 120 Methyl Glucose Trioleate, Propylene Glycol, Tetrasodium EDTA, PEG 6 Caprylic/Capric Glycerides, Quaternium 15, Coriandrum Sativum (Coriander) Extract, Elettaria Cardamomum (Cardamon) Seed Extract, Conmiphora Myhrrha Extract, SD Alcohol 39C, May Contain (+/-):, Sodium Hydroxide, Citric Acid"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For those of you that really wants a great facial steam, this product doesn't neccessarily perform the greatest. Its good but it doesn't cover the entire face. With a facial steam, you want to be able to cover the entire face --- in this case, I would suggest going to the gym where they have a STEAM ROOM. But again, this product is not a bad buy... i just don't use it much after 1-2 uses.. because i don't think the effect is really great."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I made the classic mistake of \"the fancier and more expensive the better\" when I was a dedicated Aveeno user. I thought my skin was moisturized and protected, but I didn't know what I was missing out on until I gave this a shot! For MUCH less money, I get double the SPF (unheard of to find a 30 spf face moisturizer at this price!!) and fewer breakouts because of the minimal additives (fragrances/skin \"brighteners\" read= literally GLITTER!)It leaves my skin soft without being oily and never feels tight or greasy after using. Now, I can slather this stuff on in the morning without wondering if I'm truly protecting myself from the sun and before bed without worrying about gross pimples popping up overnight!My mom was right - she always had Eucerin products around when I was a kid, and I've found out now for good reason! I hope they never stop making this stuff. It's done wonders for my skin and doesn't break my already tight budget."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm not sure if it's because I'm used to foam, but this product doesn't do it for me. I was very disappointed. I should state however that I have a very clear youthful complexion with combination skin.  I think this would work well for those with dry skin because it feels a little too heavy after washing with mine.  It does feel silky but like I said for someone with combination skin it might be too greasy/heavy. I feel like I'm wearing makeup. I'm certain that if my skin was dry I would love it though."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this months ago. Like it a lot. I use it on my feet periodically right after I get out of the shower. I think the little bit of moisture from the shower makes this product more effective. The dry dead skin rolls right off. I use it on my elbows as well to keep the dry skin to a minimum. I know some people use it on their faces as well, however, my face is already soft, and it's also extremely sensitive. So I think this would just make my face break out. I only use it on problem areas like my feet and elbows. Good for the hands too, since I wash my hands a lot, my hands dry out. Makes the dead skin roll off instantly."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "YUCK! I am really starting to think many of these rave reviews are fake, because go on over to Makeupalley and everyone else hates this product as well. I have never in my life actually thrown away a full product, until this one. It was literally unusable. It made my face look muddy, not natural at all. And it also clumped up around my eyebrows and the sides of my face, even though I didn't use that much! It just looked so bad, I didn't feel guilty about throwing it in the garbage at all. Buy at your own risk"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Neutrogena oil free moisture SPF 15 is amazing. The bottle has a little pump that makes it very easy to dispense. The product goes very far and you only need a little bit. This product is great for people with dry/semidry or combination skin. It helps combat dry skin in the places that need it without adding additional oil. It is also good to put under makeup. It causes much less foundation to be used up due to the fact that the skin is already moisturized. It also has SPF 15 which is great for the summer when you're not outside for long periods of time. (For long periods of sun exposure, I would suggest a higher SPF.) This product does smell a bit like sunscreen so there's no secret to what you're using!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I absolutely love this face mask, its the best one i have used.It evens out my skin, soothes it and makes my skin feel clean and feel really nice. I use this product once and a while and do spot treatment on places where i am prone to get breakouts (i touch my face a lot on my chin and i use this to wash this area to prevent breakouts)I have been using this product for years now, and I still haven't run out. I dont use it too often but when i do its really nice and refreshing for my skin. its lasted so long that my bottle isn't updated to this photo, but its the same ingredients. I will be re purchasing this product as im almost finally running out. I would recommend this to anyone."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using the Neutrogena Ageless Intensives Tone Correcting Tinted Moisture, Sheer Tint, SPF 30, which is currently out of stock on AMAZON.  I decided to try the Healthy Defense product instead.I am 57 years old and although I like this product I do prefer the Ageless Intensives because I feel like it hydrates my skin better than the Healthy Defense.  This product goes on a little thicker and doesn't feel as light on my skin.I have found that if I am working outside for several hours, I still need a sunscreen product under this one.  It does not seem to be as effective in blocking the sun as I would expect for an SPF 30.All in all, this is an acceptable sub until the Ageless product becomes available.  If you have younger skin or do not spend hours outside this may be the perfect product for you."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this lotion for quite some time - probably about 9 months now, and I absolutely love it. It's lightweight and oil free and it makes a great base under foundation too. I love that it contains SPF too. A nice feature this product has is that it doesn't leave that whitened look on your skin after application as a lot of lotions with sunscreen do. As far as the wrinkle prevention Q10 is concerned I haven't noticed any lessening of my lines of my face, but I also haven't noticed any new ones either so maybe it's preventing new wrinkles? Anyhow, this is a very nice lightweight SPF that feels nice on your face and won't break you out."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For me the lotion is too greasy for my face so I use it for hand lotion.  I also purchased the 2-pack of Eucerin Q10 Cream which is really good for the back of the hands and I will certainly use it for that.  However, the Q10 Anit-Wrinkle Sensitive Skin Lotion is just too greasy for my face which is already oily.  I suppose for ladies with \"dry\" skin it would be a good thing.  But as I've said I will use it as a hand lotion"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using the product for 4 months and have been applying it to my face every night before bed.PROS: Has a nice clean smell, moisturizes very well, makes my skin feel smooth, gets rid of dry spots. Also, a little goes a long way. I still have 1/3 of the product left after 4 months.CONS: Did not tighten/firm my skin whatsover. Did not prevent or smooth out any wrinkles as I noticed new wrinkles over time, and the smile wrinkles I have got worse and are more noticeable now. Lastly, this product made my skin look and feel VERY OILY. I don't like wearing the product around other people as the shininess is embarrassing.This cream is basically good as a moisturizer if you have dry skin, but isn't really good for anything else. I can't say I'd recommend it, but looking at how other people have rated this, there is still a good chance that it could work well for you."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used to have pretty bad acne, but thankfully it cleared up! I do sometimes get the occasional pimple..yippee. Lucky me, I got a big one right in the middle of my cheek right before vacation. I bought this on a whim and thought I'd try it on my bad timing zit. I washed my face like normal twice a day and covered the pimple with this. After a day, it was gone! It wasn't red and puffy anymore, and with a little make-up was nonexistant!I don't think you should slather this all over you face though, it does really dry out your skin and leaves it feeling kind of stiff and like you have dry soap on it... but overall, I think it's great!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This hand cream was created for use by Norwegian fishermen working in the North Atlantic.  There is nothing glamorous about it. It doesn't have pretty packaging, there is no pretty fragrance, it tends to be a little slow to absorb and it is gooey if you get  too much on.  However...it is hands down, without a doubt, the hand cream that produces the best results over any other, in my opinion.  I use it at night (I use a more easily absorbed cream during the day) and the next morning my hands are kitten-soft and incredibly smooth.  Not surprising.  After all, if it can help those fishermen braving the icey waters of the North Atlantic, think what it can do with our hands!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Used for about 2 months.  Did seem to help soften the wrinkles that I had started to notice.  Product absorbs quite well and isn't overly greasy although consistency is rather thick.  I have acne prone skin and dry skin areas and while it did not aggravate my acne it didn't really help the dry areas either (surprising considering the consistency).  I hate strong perfume-y night cream on my face when I'm trying to sleep (which is one of the reasons I don't care for olay products) and this product could pass exactly for a tub of margarine or butter for color, smell, and texture.  It was better than perfume but I didn't exactly love it, either."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have pretty sensitive skin and have tried a number of different masks through out the years and they almost always either make my face itchy, or cause me to break out after using them (in those horrible, big and painful zits!)...this one doesn't! It seems like it both dries out the extra oil in my skin, and moisturizes at the same time. After washing it off my skin is always a lot softer. If my skin is a little dried out I tend to get those little bumps on the outer edges of my cheeks, but they always clear up when I use this. It has a good consistency and is easy to apply, though if you wash it off with a wash cloth it looks sort of nasty, but no big deal. It does have a little bit of a scent to it, but it's not a fake perfumey type of scent, it's a more natural one. And one of my favorite things about this mask, it's cheap! Definitely recommend!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Alpha Hydrox might as well close it's doors.  I don't know what happened because twenty years ago they had amazing products for a cheap price.  Now they cost twice what they did then, understandable with inflation, but don't work worth a darn.  Yet another epic fail.  I am so disappointed in this product line.  I purchased several different products a few months ago and after finishing the bottles am still convinced they are absolute garbage.  They do not do what they claim but if you just want a lotion...here you go.  They are just like any other plain old lotion."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My lashes are long, thick but unfortunately straight  I only use the mascara to highlight them and keep them curled after using the curler on them.I have been using Estee Lauder&iexcl;s product for but a friend insisted this is just as good. Estee&iexcl;s mascara is $20+ for a new tube. I figured I have only $5 to lose if this works just as well.I&iexcl;m impressed. I really like this product. I now own both the regular and waterproof. No clumping or flaking.Cannot believe I&iexcl;ve been paying for Estee Lauder all these years when this works just as well for me. The only negative is I really dislike the tiny, hard brush and prefer Estee&iexcl;s brush but for this price I can definitely get past that."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love the mint julep face mask from this brand, and I love how cheap these are. However, if you are looking for a mask that purifies and tightens skin, I find it ironic that the mint julep does a better job in these two categories that this one is especially for.When you put the mask on it is super flaky and the dry pieces get everywhere. Make sure to leave it on 5-10 minutes longer than it suggests. My skin felt softer and more moisturized, and I think this would be the better of the two for sensitive skin, but don't buy it to tighten."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "In the past I've purchased a ton of LUSH beauty products because they make them with lots of essential oils. What I've realized is that I can make some scented liquid soaps myself by using essential oils and this Jason's Body Wash. Simply put a combination of oils in a small plastic bottle and add in some body wash. Shake and use. Some of my favorite combinations are sweet orange, neroli and rose. I've also tried Ylang Ylang, Patchouli, Lotus and Sandalwood. I'm looking forward to trying out new combinations as I have a big collection of essential oils. I also like Balsam Fir Needle which is refreshing. I find the body wash works well with a body brush.~The Rebecca Review"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't use too much makeup, maybe concealer sometimes, but my skin is super duper oily. So even if I use a sunblock, after a few hours, my skin will be very oily. So I use this sheets to remove the oil from my face. Its very easy to use- just take a sheet from the package and press it against your skin and that's it! The sheet will turn transparent as soon as it absorbs the oil from your skin. It saves so much time since applying powder foundation to your skin after every 2-3 hours is such a hassle."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm on accutane which has caused me to get some dandruff (I normally never have it). After freaking out and doing research, I bought this. It seems to have lessened the severity of my dandruff after just one use, but the smell is SO AWFUL! It's like I dipped my head into a freakin tank of gas! I have long hair and to try to get that smell off is  impossible. I have to put really potent anti-frizz serum in it, then spray some of my strong perfume DIRECTLY on my hair in order to TRY to mask up the smell. Even then it still stinks.If you like the smell of tar and gas, this is for you. If not, try to get the \"clean scent\". I haven't tried it, so I don't know if it's realyl different. Honestly, I'm thinking I'd rather have dandruff than stinky hair."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this item not really knowing mud about it, just read up whatever it said on the tube. I decided to go ahead andbuy it.I LOVE LOVE LOVE this item. It feels very refreshing and cooling on the skin. Has a peppermint scent. However, not an overpowering one.Makes my face feel very smooth and clean after I take this off. I use this about 1-2 a week and i really enjoy it. Works wonderfully for me.I recommend this item if your looking for a refreshing masque, that will clean your face, and make you feel very refreshed!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Absolutely, a miracle nail cream from Barielle. Barielle's reputation stems from this outstanding nail strengthening cream that originally was created to condition the hooves of thoroughbred racehorses; the side affect being that the groomers also developed beautifully strong, peel and split free nails. My nails have always been prone to peeling and breakage. Ultimately, I made matters worse by opting to wear acrylic nails on and off in the past to cover up these issues. Thankfully, that craze is long over; and my nails have benefited ever since by using Barielle. Works well withBarielle Natural Nail Camouflage, .5 fl oz (14.8 ml)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I had this item in my wish list forever and I'm so glad I finally bought it.I use the buff puff with a good facial cleaner in the shower and wow - it exfoliates more effectively that anything else I've tried, and I've tried it all. I really feel like my serums and moisturizers are able to penetrate after using the buff puff instead of sitting on top of my skin. For the first few uses, I suggest using a very light hand, as it can be a little harsh."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have very dry skin after chemo and have tried so many OTC and even expensive prescriptions but this has worked the best for me.  It soaks in and I don't scratch.  I don't feel like I've got lotion layering on my skin.  I'm a picture so if I feel a bump or scratch or rub and it moves I unintentionally dig and this stuff has soaked in, a rarely scratch and then its usually about time for the evening application.  When I apply at night, even with the mild hot flashes it keeps me from scratching, a nice lubricating product that doesn't layer on top, it really soaks in.noknots"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I use this at night and the Alpha Hydrox 12% Souffle for day.  Between the two, I am definitely seeing an improvement in my skin.  I am 45 years old and before starting Alpha Hydrox I had the lovely situation of aging skin which is still oily and breaking out (am I lucky or what?  lol).  My skin is still oily (I don't think anything is going to change that) but I no longer break out.  On my face, I won't say that I'm looking younger, but I would say I have probably slowed the process that creates sagging & wrinkles - which is better than nothing for sure!  On my neck, I have experienced definite firming.  I was getting that little sag just under my chin and that is definitely firmed up since I've started using these products.  Who knows, maybe my face will catch up?  At any rate, with stuff this inexpensive while still so effective, I say you can't go wrong!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm ordering this for the 3rd time. I've used it for about a year and it really helps. I'm 56, a natural redhead, with deep wrinkles and age spots on my face. It has softend the depth of a lot of my wrinkles, and faded my darkest age spots.They're not gone completely, but definitely less noticeable. My skin tone is much more even. I use it morning and night. My skin is very sensitive and every other AHA lotion I've used has caused breakouts. I get none with this stuff. My skin is very dry however and after letting this absorb for 5-10 minutes, I use Cetaphil moisturizer... cream at night and the lighter Cetaphil lotion in the morning. Very happy with this product, which is 1/2 the price of drug store stuff and 1/4 the price of department store stuff with all it's fancy advertising."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using Olay products for a number of years, and at 67 years of age, I don't have any wrinkles on my face, neck, or upper chest. This could, of course, be due to heredity because my 94 year old mother doesn't have much in wrinkles either. There is really no way to know for sure, but I do like the feel of this product on my skin. When I use it, my skin feels soft and moisturized, and not greasy as it does with some other products. I will continue to use this and other Olay products."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "First of all, I always buy the unscented body oil because I use a dropper and squirt some of my favorite aromatherapy essential oils into it before I use it. It takes no more than one dropper full to completely scent the entire bottle of body oil. Impressive, and with heavier oils like sweet almond it takes alot more than just one dropper to carry the scent.I use this after my shower, and just a few drops on my hand can cover an entire body area (lower leg, upper leg, arm, ect). I find the moisture to be helpful, but not enough for my legs, so I use lotion there, too. But it helps, definitely. Plus it adds a sexy sheen (as in shine, not Charlie).It's also great for suntanning, though suntanning is bad for skin anyway...this at least helps keep the skin moist and isn't so heavy that it makes me feel sticky afterwards."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I looked in the mirror and saw glitter on my face, I was sad and thought my eyeshadow wasnt so great and was coming off. Then I noticed that the glitter was also on my palms... its this moisturizer, I suppose the natural light reflector... are like mirrors / glitter, Im actually wondering if it is seashell as that pops up in lotions sometimes, this is one reason I dont like the moisturizer so much... I'll only be wearing this on my upper lip, as soy is suppose to minimize hairs... and Ill see how that goes... Id wear this at the beach, or going to a night club... it does make skin feel soft, but Im not a total fan of the texture, beats olay though, but I think ill be going back to neutrogena."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the stuff. And as pointed out by another reviewer, SPF 25 would definitely be a better precaution than 15 but this moisturiser is so good otherwise I can overlook it for now. The main aspect of it that appeals to me is that the product actually stays on the skin and keeps moisturising all day. On a face as dry as mine is that is a rare accomplishment. Other creams bite the dust in a few hours on me.A reliable product that does what it claims to do at an especially good price."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have two other foundations that I mainly use but this comes a close second to them.  Great coverage.  Stays put.  Easy to use.  What more could you ask for?  Maybe make it easier to find.  I've been so surprised at how many stores have dropped this product. I really love Max Factor and hope it doesn't get discontinued.  That would be a real shame for such a good brand.  Their mascara, 2000 Calories, is one of the best I've used too.  Went looking for it the other day in the store but no luck.  Thank goodness we can still get it here. :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Well first let me say,i don't have wrinkles or hard lines(im in my 20s) i use anti-wrinkles washes and creams to hopefully help prevent them in the future,so i can't comment from an anti-wrinkle view point however i have very oily,sensitive skin that can easily get a small break out. I started using this among other products and started to notice i would get small breakouts, i figured it must be the other new product cleansers and toners i was using cause eucerin has never given me breakouts,so i stopped using the other products,and tested this product on certain areas on my face only,and sure enough those exact spots had the new abrasions. I have super oily skin,i believe this product causes clogged pores which leads to the breakouts,i suggest you avoid if you have oily skin,i will continue to use this product of my neck and chest to get rid of it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My skin is pretty resilient and not easily irritated, with that being said I started with one a day but quickly moved up to two. I use this between my CeraVe foaming cleanser and my CeraVe moisturizer and they've been working very well so far. They are pretty cheap and this order came with three boxes, but if you want the most bang for your buck you can cut these pads in half. I generally don't use the entire pad so half is perfect and now you have 540 uses for ~$11."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Got a very bad rush from it. I might have very sensitive skin.Used it two days and I started noticing my face was itching and a small swelling near my cheeks. I thought it was something I ate or just a bad day.I continued using face wash for 3 days and rash wouldn't go away. I stopped using it and notice rash disappeared. This is just my experience.I was worried that since is a care product I wouldn't be able to return it and that I was stuck with the face wash but Thanks to the great customer service of Amazon I was able to get a refund and dispose of the face wash."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It won't give you the colour that shows on, or at the back of the box. not even close! I have medium ash brown hair and the only reason I dye my hair is because of my grey hairs. I just used an &#34;ash&#34; shade of this hair colour to dye my roots and now my roots has an awful copper/red shine, and it doesn't look &#34;ash&#34; brown at all! It has orange undertone:(I am so upset, and recommend you not to use this product at all! Don't even try it or you would regret like me."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this product for almost a year now and as with all Eucerin products it is the best. There are products on the market that are selling for 5 times what this cost and this is every bit as good. I'm 70 years old and look 10 to 20 years younger. This product makes my facial skin soft and moist looking. The first few times I applied it I could feel my skin tightening particularly around the eyes. I use about a jar a month as I apply it morning and evening."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I remember these from my teen age years, marriage, raising my children and then they disappeared. The other day I was watching a program(Mirror, Mirror) where they featured top models and their beauty regimen. To my excited surprised I see one model using a Buf Puf. I ran to Google and found them being sold on Amazon and some other retail stores. Amazon was the least expensive and I purchased 6.How wonderful to feel that strong clean feeling when using the puff. It is better than any blemish control scrub on the market and leaves no grainy residue.. I could feel those dead skin cells sloughing off and after only one use my skin felt cleaner than after  any clay.mask I have removed. Needless to say I am thrilled and recommend them to anyone even with sensitive skin like i have.This is a facial in a sponge."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this.  My dermatologist has always told me to use cetaphil because I have acne.  I was actually using the cetaphil facial moisturizer for a while until I tried this.  I like it a lot better because it moisturizes my face a lot better than the other.I use it on my face and neck every time I wash my face (morning and night).  It doesn't feel too thick, but it helps moisturize.  It Doesn't feel greasy, oily, or sticky either.  Another plus is that it lasts forever if you use it for mainly your face.  I'm guilty for using in on the dry patches on my arms though!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this steamer for the last 9 years.  My first lasted about 8 years, but got a little crusty by the end of it.  The timer option is great so  I don't have to keep track of time.  This one includes a convenient measuring cup.  I wasn't crazy about the exfoliation tool (prefer to use a combo of Cetaphil and baking soda), but I guess it does the job.  I use the steamer about 2x a week for blackheads."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Suave is value for the money.  It's not watered down like some other inexpensive brands.  Thick and rich, smooth and silky.  I just love how my hand just glides over my skin in the shower, like I had just buttered myself all up!  It's the same sensation as showering in very soft water -- only I live in an area with nothing but hard water.  I feel clean and moisturized when I'm done.  I've always been a fan of Suave products and this one just reaffirms my loyalty."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used this during the day for a couple months in conjunction with the Q10 night cream and it seemed to help soften the wrinkles I had started to notice.  Doesn't aggravate my acne prone skin and I like this lotion better than the night cream since the consistency is light and absorbs well and the smell is very minimal (plain suntan/lotion smell).  Works fine under my makeup.  Would be great if they offered it with a slightly higher spf to last just a bit longer (since I don't reapply over my makeup)."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have fibromyalgia and there are days when even taking a shower is too much.  Raising my arms over my head for the amount of time it takes to shampoo and condition will make my arms ache for the rest of the day.  This No Rinse Shampoo has been a godsend!  On the days I really must shampoo (I can mist my hair the second and third day after I shampoo), using this is perfect.  It makes my hair fresh and scalp clean.  I don't know how it works without having to rinse it out, but it doesn't leave it feeling sticky or full of residue, either.  It gives me one extra day of rest and that's important for some of us!Tip:  I would shower and shampoo normally the day after using this, however."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The regular version of these Pufs is way too rough, can't imagine using them on anything but elbows and heels. This extra gentle version is better for facial skin, exfoliates nicely. I use it with Neutrogena Facial Bar, rinse it well, and air dry it on end on a soap tray between uses. It does begin to pill slightly after a couple  months but lasts a good long time as long as you carefully rinse it and prop it up to dry out. This is the most cost effective exfoliating treatment available. Too bad its only available online."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been having acne issues since i was 13 and im now 23. Nothing ever seem to work for the acne scar. I am usually skeptical about people reviews but I heard that AHA could help and i gave it a try. My goodness! Its only been 2 weeks and i am already seeing great improvements in the texture, tone and the overall health of my face. The price is just right and the quantity is definitely worth the bang for your buck. Don't be scared when you get a burning sensation, thats normal and proof that it is working. Out of all the products i have used to treat my acne marks, this is by far the best and the price is a bonus! This will have your skin looking so young, fresh and alive. You will glow! Im so happy and slowly regaining confidence. i can't wait to see future results."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this for about 2 weeks now. I got this product hoping it would be a huge turn around for my overly dry skin. And while sadly my skin is still dry, it is less harsh than regular body washes out there and leaves me feeling very moisturized after a shower. However, the relief only seems to last mere minutes. I'm still having to use lotion all over my body on a daily basis. Maybe my results will change with the season as right now its winter and the air is fairly dry, but I'm not so sure.  The smell isn't horrible, but its also not great. And when I received the package body wash had leaked all per inside the box and all over the bottle. That Was something I was most definitely not happy with. I will probably, however, continue to use the product as organic stuff is still healthier for your skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I first purchased this hand treatment from a garden center - what a favorite it has become. I really does help restore your hands after digging in the garden (or washing dishes in the sink, if you're old-fashioned like me). I have purchased many as gifts for others. This size (100g) is a generous tube and will last a long time. I gave it four stars only because it is more expensive here than at the Crabtree & Evelyn outlet store - or maybe I just got lucky when I visited that store last time. Truth is, I'll buy it wherever I can find it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This cream is just too thick for my face and I am using it on my hands.  I tried it around my eyes and on my neck and it just started falling off in gobs when I rubbed my neck.  Gross.  I will not put it on my face again and will just use it up as hand cream.  I might mention that I am a 65-year-old boomer babe with oily skin still and don't have wrinkles yet and didn't want to get them.  I would rather get wrinkles than have this thick stuff or the greasy lotion on my face.  Both are good for the hands though and people can tell your age from your wrinkled hands too."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'd been using the regular Neutrogena bar soap on my face for years, but I just decided to grab this one day while shopping.  I could not be more pleased!  I always thought my skin looked ok, but with this I actually love my skin!  Not to sound vain, but I look in the mirror and just think about how good my skin looks now and I don't even wear coverup!  IMO I think it makes me look younger too, but that could be wishful thinking!  This does not have the consistency of a cleanser, it does seem more like a lotion, but don't let that dissaude you, it is really great on the skin!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This goes on soooooo easily and absorbs quickly into my skin.  There is a very slight shimmer upon application.  NOT greasy at all!!!!  Since this product is fragrance-free, I've also used it in my hair, and it works as well as the Fekkai hair oil I use.  It's thin so it would be hard to overdo it like lotion.  The only thing is that when I'm in a rush, some oil droplets find their way to the floor or my counter.  Easy peasy to clean though."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am 24 years old and was using this at night and lightly in the morning. I don't have any wrinkles or fine lines and was just using this for prevention. I loved the consistency and the fact that it has no smell. It helped to clear up some dry patches I had in the winter around my eyes and didn't break me out on the parts of my face near my eye area where this product touched. However, I had to discontinue use because I noticed that my vision was becoming blurred. I could still see, but I felt like I had a film over my eye that I couldn't get to clear. Once discontinuing, the problem went away. It is unfortunate because I really did like using this."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I rarely see copper colors in the drugstores so I was happy to find this on Amazon. I've been coloring my hair red for years but I have found that the coppery reds are much more flattering. And as I tend to leave the mixture on longer than required as i usually get distracted, this does not leave reddish- purply tones. When I colored my hair today I left in on for an hour and it looks rich and gorgeous. Feria colors don't seem to fade as fast either. Great product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I was really excited to try this because of the wonderful reviews.  I put it on right before going to bed. The 1st through 4th days were wonderful. It did exactly like it promised. My face looked much brighter and clear.  However on day 5, I woke up with red itchy pimples all over my face and neck.  After a series of expensive test and research, my derm said it was contact dermatitis from using this product. She said that it had the preservative Diazolidinyl Urea in it.  She went on say that a lot of companies are moving away from this preservative because it causes problems with a lot of people. Keep in mind, I do not have sensitive skin. That being said, if they would discontinue using DIAZOLIDINYL UREA in their product, I would definately try it again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've tried allot of these types of products (should mention I'm a hair stylist & can get many hair products at half price or less) & even the so called \"expensive brand named ones\" to me I hated. They all stunk & looked like I dumped a bottle of baby powder all over my hair. With allot of good reviews on here I decided to give this one a whirl. Loved it! Yes, you do have to lather it until your hair is pretty wet but it WORKS (for me anyways) & I have very fine/kind of oily hair. Sure beats washing it every day & styling it over & over each day. Not to mention doing that every day really drys out & damages it. This doesn't. I recommend it for sure."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Let me start my \"story\" by saying I\"m a black woman, age 47 and have always had great skin. . most people think I\"m 35. So I decided to \"invest\" in my skin now that I\"m getting older by trying a product that helps preserve your youthful looks.  I read all the reviews on this before I ordered it as I do with most things I order from Amazon, and was overall impressed.  So, when this arrived I couldn't wait to try it to see if I noticed any difference.  Within a week I did but not before my skin had it's little reaction to it.  Yes it stung, yes I had a few little bumps pop up, couple red blotches, . .perhaps it was some \"junk\" working its way out -- because after that my skin looked more even, more radiant, little lines were less noticeable. . I really like this and will be sticking with it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My hair was already platinum and I was simply trying to get the last of the extremely faint neon-ish banana yellow out, as my toners were not doing the trick and I did not want to bleach again.  I thought for sure this would do it, as it was really only ONE LEVEL to lift and this dye promises seven.  My hair STILL came out with yellow in it.  It's a VERY THICK substance and even with my extremely short and thin hair, I think it may have worked better if I had purchased 3-4...however at that point I may as well go to a salon or just bleach it again, it'd be cheaper and end in better results.  Basically, unless you are already an extreme platinum, this dye will not make your hair the colour on the box.  Furthermore, my dark blonde roots turned out neon orange."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have stick straight, black Asian hair and was skeptical whether or not this would work or be too harsh, but it worked and looks great!PROS- I left it in my hair for 25 min and rinsed it out.  It is VERY subtle, I recommend leaving it in more for a bolder look.- Hair does not appear damaged, but then again I did not leave it in very long- Other people have complimented me on the new highlights and said it looks good- The end color is really beautiful and goldenCONS- You have to put A LOT of it in your hair (especially if you have long hair).  My problem is that I thought I had enough in, but I didn't.- It's a little challenging to apply evenly and get the back hairs in.  In my case, only the front portions changed colorI would recommend this and buy it again!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't wear a lot of make-up.. just mascara and eyeliner so I didn't think I needed this but I got it just because i felt it i should since i do go to bed with that little make-up on and i keep reading and hearing its bad for the skin somehow. so yeah i got and its alright, it gets most of what i have on my eyes off, but not all ( i think i need one for waterproof) unless im doing it wrong idk. but yeah if you need a little make-up remover this works just fine. No itchiness, no irritation, no blurred vision (obvs don't rub it into your eyeballs) and i always rinse it off. its also convenient which is the No.1 thing for me. I love Maybelline so yeah, not bad"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've has this lipstick for such a long time, and you cant find it in stores anymore :(. I don't use this by itself, I use it for a perfect ombre lip. I take any lip liner and outline my lips, and hen fill in the sides. Then I take this lipstick and put it on the center of my pout. Then I smush them together, and I have a nicely faded ombre lip. I get compliments every time. I have found that my ombre lip works BESTEST ;) with this lipstick. I've tried it with mac ones and its never as good! This lipstick is a staple in  my collection. Very quick shipping !"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This does have the extra ingredients that some people on here are unhappy about, but it does not sting or burn me whatsoever. It feels very mild and nice on my face. Everybody was raving about the smell, so I was surprised when I opened it and realized that the smell is kind of like a grandmother's perfume. It's not a bad smell at all, though. The cream takes my make-up off nicely, even tough liquid liner. I was really surprised by how small the jar actually is, but after using it I realized that this stuff will last me forever. You only need a very small amount to do the trick. Overall, I'd recommend this to anybody!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My hair is super straight and thin. It also doesn't take heat very well. What's so great about this curler is the adjustable heat settings. 7 works great for me and I just hold it there for ten seconds. Not only that but the curls actually stay. Most times, they go wavy after the first 30 minutes, no matter how long I hold it on for. But with this it lasted me two hours. I'm so impressed and especially for the price. You cannot beat that."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I tried this product for 2 months and i have to say it didnt do anything for my acne. I am the type that breaks out when my period is about to start and using this pill didn't change a thing. I broke out just as i normally would and this last month even while using the pill was nearly the worst i've had. I'm sure must just be a coincidence. I am not saying this is not a good product as we have to keep in mind one thing can't and won't work for everyone as we all have different skin types. This just isn't for me and i have discontinued using this product and cannot really recommend it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I use this approximately every other day due to the drying it causes but after a week or so, my pores were visibly reduced, not gone just not as noticeable. Just a splash on a cotton square and I go in upwards motions after my morning face wash and before I moisturize. I will continue to use but will not use everyday as my skin is prone to dryness. It worked in all areas of my face, my nose and forehead were most noticeable to me and now they are much smaller. Recommend to anyone looking for an easy way to reduce size of large pores."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I use the Freeman Cucumber Facial Mask religiously, once a week, followed by Queen Helene's Mint Julep mud mask. After exfoliating I apply this mask for fifteen minutes - it's kind of fun marching around the house looking like a burn victim (the mask goes on clear and shiny, and dries clear and shiny) - before peeling it off and applying the mud mask for fifteen minutes. The mud mask is excellent for standing in clear view by your front window as the neighbor mows his lawn or answering the door for the FedEx guy so you can sign for a package. It's such a conversation starter.Anyhow, after moisturizing my skin is good to go for the week, and it's consistently clear and fresh thanks to this mask."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love that this cleanser smells nice and it works very well, just like Paula Begoun writes in her review of this product. It removes the most stubborn mascara I have ever owned (it's hard to wash off). I don't even have to use eye makeup remover afterwards! My skin sort of normal but it can get dry. So after I wash my face with this cleanser, my face feels a bit dry and I have to put some moisturizer on.....with Biore that I wrote review for before I didn't have to do that but Biore doesn't wash off my silly mascara very well :) choices choices. I think if you have skin on the oily side, this may work very well for you.Other than being a bit drying, it also takes a lot if this stuff to work. With some cleansers it takes 1 pump.....it takes 3-4 of this. Doesn't foam easily. I don't think I'd get this one again yet I'd give it 4 stars still."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "You might not like this product if you have oily skin, since we \"people with oily skin\" are used on using products that would make our skin dry to dry out pimples and such.. this product leaves a satin finish on your skin, and i found that my nose gets oily after couple of hours, i did not like that.  However it is a good cleanser, it cleans makeup without having to rub it too hard on your face like other soups. it also smells like Johnson&Johnson baby shampoo."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I saw this and figure I would give them a try. When I finally got to use them I read the directions and scanned the square and watched the video. It took a few tries before I got it in place.( I have a injured back so there's not a whole lot I can do. ) I would stay in place for about three hours and then I would have to push it back in place. I still think it would be better if them did come in different sizes because I do feel it is to big. It might just be me cause I haven't had any kids."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Don't bother! What a waste of time. On the side of the box it states what color your hair will turn out based on the color of your hair. My hair is dark brown/ black.  The turnout color would be a bright intense red, exactly what I wanted. What color did my hair come out? Dark brown/ black with a hint of red in the sunlight. Nothing like it states on the side of the box.  I pursed this product over another based on the color chart and spent extra to get it.  Won't ever buy from L'Oreal again!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't have any particular scars but I wanted my skin tone to even out so I didn't have to bother with makeup. This stuff doesn't smell great nor is the texture wonderful but I do like the way my skin looks. I usually wear it at night and in the morning I use a Vita C lotion (which smells and feels great) and a simple face lotion with sunscreen. This doesn't make me break out and isn't drying. I am a lucky adult with acne so some lotions are trouble. I also have the skin tone evening face mask by palmers, which I notice more impact from than the face cream. My skin always looks fantastic after I use it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the only body wash we use in this house.  All four females LOVE IT!  It is great on even the most sensitive skin among us.  It is gentle but leaves us feeling clean and our skin is so soft.  I wouldn't even want to try anything else.  As far as the scent, well, there really isn't a scent in this product.  The other varieties from Aveeno (with fragrance) I have not liked.  So I use this one and then after I shower I use Bath and Body Works Cucumber Melon lotion for a nice light scent on the skin.  I really don't think you can find anything better, whether you have sensitive skin or not."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have pretty straight hair and every now and then like a different look. I have tried regular curling irons (1 inch and 1.5 inch); the curls are good but they don't last long and I on't get soft curls with those. This is a great product for soft curls or smoothing out hair in the morning. Best part is, the curls last much longer compared to the regular curling irons. Only thing I would have loved to see in this product is a better brush, this brush is not bad at all, but my hair slip out of it while curling as the teeth are smaller than expected. With loner teeth I guess this would be an ideal product for me :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Aveen Clear Complexion is the first moisturizer I've ever used, and I have to say it did not disappoint. I've never used many products to improve my skin, but I will definitely keep this in my stash now!I never had problem skin in high school, but once I hit college I just started having a lot of breakouts from high stress and poor eating habits. I finally found a daily facial wash that worked well and didn't completely dry out my skin (causing me to break out more!), but the combination of new skin wash and this moisturizer are what ultimately cleared up my skin.No more redness, and I've had one breakout in the last two weeks since using this. It really makes your skin look even and clear!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I thought this was a more powerful dryer...my bad. I'm going to keep it since I like the color (LOL) and it dries well  with a high and low setting and 2 speeds, and has concentrator and attachment for curls. Both attachments are very tough to take off...I'm so afraid I'll break one of them....they need a better system to get them on and off. The dryer is only 1275 watts, not exactly powerful. And, very important, the buttons for high/low/off/ and heat settings are very small, and placed badly. I keep accidentally turning off the blower!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I work in Afghanistan and had a hard time keeping any time of make-up on in the summers because of the heat.  I would sweat it off immediately.  I got this in the hopes of it staying on a little better, giving me some protection from the sun and being able to reapply through the day without it looking like I just added another layer of foundation.  This is pretty much a very light foundation.  I don't think it moisturized my face at all and it didn't cover any red spots or blemishes.  I was disappointed because I normally love Aveeno products."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I didn't like it in the beginning. When I first started using it 2 months ago, my hair felt too dry, like all the oil was washed off my this shampoo. I live in Colorado, and you don't want to make your hair any drier than this State already makes it be. BUT: 2 months later I actually started seeing the change in my overall hair health. I haven't changed my diet or anything, while my hair started looking better and better after every wash. Having extremely fine and thin hair, this shampoo makes it look thicker. Seriously, once I washed my hair with my bf's shampoo, and my ponytail was thinner than my pinkie. The next day I washed it with this shampoo, and the size of my ponytail grew to the size of my thumb:) Believe me, it's a BIG change for me. I can actually see the difference."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Williams Lectirc Shave is a great product that has served men's electric shaving needs for several decades!  BUT DON'T buy it here!  WHY?  I didn't pay close enough attention to the prices vs weight and when it arrived I was really angry!  This is the 3 ounce travel bottle that you can sometimes find in you local drug store for about $2.50, NOT $5.62!!!  For $5.48 - $5.85 you can buy the 7 ounce bottle at every drugstore in your town or on line at CVS.com or Drugstore.com or any other online national drug store chain.  DON'T GET RIPPED OFF BY THIS SELLER!!  YOU ARE PAYING TOO MUCH FOR WHAT YOU GET! THE PRICE SHOULD BE FOR THE 7 OUNCE BOTTLE AND NOT THE 3 OUNCE BOTTLE.  RIP OFF!!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This did lift my medium brown hair to a yellow blonde. Which I toned down with a purple toner and now it is a lovely blonde.I left it in for 40 minutes after applying it to my hair. It took me about 20-25 minutes to complete the application so some areas of my hair had  60 minutes of contact with the product. That hair came out completely blonde. Next time I will leave it on a little longer.Left my hair in great condition in comparison to other brands I have tried."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This masque feels nice on your skin, but beyond that it had little benefit for me. It certainly didn't help clear my pores, in fact you could see the clay visibly clogging them even after I rinsed the masque off. If your skin is as oily as mine this will not take care of the oil much at all. I felt refreshed right after using it but within a few hours I was back to my normal level of oiliness. Overall, I'm not impressed. There are several other masques around this price point that work much better than this one for my skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Cucumber cool facial that is just what I wanted. My favorite was discontinued years ago and the Freeman brand isn't one I was familiar with until Amazon. Use a thin layer for best results . . . drying time is 10 min. or less. Soothing for sensitive and mature skin. Can be used daily. Product information and description is accurate. It does feel a bit sticky so just rinse your hands and remember that a thin layer accomplishes the desired results. The tube makes it easy to use and store.Consider the other peel masks offered by Freeman . . . Pomegranate is another good choice from this line of products.Definitely recommended!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "this is one of my all time favorite products. It really evens out your skin tone and makes your skin glow! I use it at night before I go to bed and when I go to apply my makeup in the morning after my shower you can really see how even this stuff has made my skin appear. I'm 34 with no wrinkles and a few fine lines and I guess I had uneven skin tone because this stuff will make your skin looking absolutely amazing! fast absorbent, no smell - great results!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is by far the worst thing I have ever put in my hair. I have long wavy hair, and I made sure it was dry and brushed before using this product. I put a small segment of hair on the brush (despite the fact that after 30 minutes of heating, it was barely warm), and when I wrapped a strand of hair around the brush twice, I could NOT get the hair out. It tangled and held on to my hair so tightly, I even considered cutting it off! Eventually after 20 minutes of struggle, I was able to free my hair. I immediately returned it to the drug store where I purchased it and even wrote a review on the remaining products on the shelves with a sharpie, directly on the packaging to warn other people (see customer posted images). Don't purchase this if you care about your hair."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm 17 and love this stuff. Spas are kinda expensive so I say why not give myself a facial mask at home. So I went searching on here and found a whole lot of masks to try, but this interested me the most because of the natural cucumber and what it claimed to do. So I ordered it and when it finally came, I just had to use it that night. And let me tell you! I've been using this mask twice a week for a few months now, and my face looks and feels great. It also helped to reduce some of the puffiness under my eyes. They're invisible now! It makes me feel like I've been to a spa. The only reason I gave it one less of a star is because when the mask is left on overtime, it's hard to peel off. But if you leave it on for the right amount of time, it peels off easily. Other than that, I'm really happy with this product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love these but feel a bit profligate ordering something I could probably concoct at home. There appears to be some mild soap, witch hazel and aloe applied to compressed fiber pads which are disposable....Not very green. I use them more than once because they lather so richly and after two uses, I clean my sink and vanity with them. They don't strip my skin of all of its oils and leave my face feeling fresh without any irritation. The only improvement would be to have the lotion and use my own wash cloths...."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Maybelline Volum' Express Mascara is so much better than Great Lash.  It goes on evenly and lengthens without clumping.I always use my mascara long past the three month suggested shelf life and it doesn't get dried out very quickly.  (However using mascara after six months puts the user at a risk of infection, so be warned.)And it really is waterproof.  You'll need a reliable mascara remover if you want it to come off your lashes.  I've sat through tear-jerkers wearing Volum' Express and come out without a smudge (much less racoon eyes!)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using the night cream from this line for a few months and quite like it -- so I decided to buy the corresponding day SPF 15 cream.Overall, it's a nice product. Moisturizes well, and have good enough SPF. I like the fact that it has retinol and comes in a tin tube (so sun can't decay the retinol). I haven't noticed any improvements in my fine lines or wrinkles, but I'm using it more as a preventative measure (I'm 34 currently).However, I have noticed that the texture of the product is a bit chalky and less nice and soothing as the night version. I attribute this to the SPF, so that's fine. I like this product enough to continue buying it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this because I love the Aveeno Positively Radiant (non-tinted) moisturizer that is SPF 15 and now that winter is here, my pale skin needs some color. I also use the Jergens Natural Glow facial moisturizer, but it just doesn't keep my makeup in place throughout the day like Aveeno does. So, I bought this product thinking it was more like a gradual tanner. At first I was taken aback when I saw how thick the lotion is but I am pleasantly surprised. The Fair to Light is perfect for my skin and it evens it out nicely before I apply my daily makeup. I've typically tried BB creams in the past for this purpose but they all make me break out. I'd highly recommend this over a BB cream. Great product!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been blow drying my hair for 20 years and this is the worst blow dryer I have ever used. It takes forever to dry my hair and it doesn't give me the sleek results I'm used to. My hair dries to a wispy, flyaway state w frizz. It really doesn't get hot enough and doesn't produce enough air. Really terrible. Someone said it was heavy, but I find it lighter than most. It gets the job done just not well. I have to go over each section of my hair w a large curling iron to smooth the strands. I'm causing extra damage and wasting extra time for no reason. I'm going to go back to the Revlon line. It produces much better, quicker results."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I really like it, especially for the warmer times. For reference, I have oily and acne prone skin that can be sensitive to some products.PROS:-moisturizes fairly well-dries matte (and keeps me from being shiny for about 4-5 hours if I only have this moisturizer on)-affordable-mixes well with other products (beauty oils, facial serums, sunscreen)CONS:-no SPF (personally, I find putting on sunscreen can be a laborious extra step)The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is because I have yet to find a moisturizer like my all-time favorite one (Lancome Visionaire moisturizer). I would definitely recommend this product and would buy it again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Im a WOC and I always wanted a yellow concealer for my under eye circles and I read the reviews and bought this one. The concealer by itself is really good quality, creamy texture, long stay,, good coverage plus in a convenient stick so u can just point n put. But honestly I gave it a number of tries and it just looked too pale on me, as in, less yellow more cream-white so it would show through even after blending and blending with my colour foundation. DOES NOT look good on me at all. I guess I'll have to find a proper yellow one in my country local brands, which cater to our skin colours. But that said, its a good product. I still use it for spot concealing."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this for about 10 yrs now. My hubby introduced me to the product, His hands were always so soft, even though he was a welder by trade and a rough and tough outdoorsman, too.A little goes a long way, and it has lasting results. No Petro!! Multiple uses! It smells great too- a clean, woodsy natural scent.Use for:Dry cracked hands/feetLip BalmRoseacea ( I put it on my rosey face patches before bed, instead of using a night cream, ladies)WindburnDry itchy skin anywhereCuticle BalmCuts/ScrapesBug BitesDiaper Rash"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product does what it's supposed to.  I don't have a huge acne problem and haven't tried a lot of other products for comparison, but anytime I have occasional break outs this is easy to use and clears it up pretty quickly.  Unfortunately it smells pretty bad.  I can deal with it though because it's effective and I don't have to use it all the time.  I have been wanting to try the pink grapefruit scent but any time I have ever gone into any drugstore anywhere ever it is always sold out.  So..maybe one day when they actually start keeping up with the demand I might get to try it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this for my boyfriend, he loves it. I ended up taking a shine to it as well so now we use it all the time. Tea Tree oil is great for oily skin and this particular wash smells great. We use it as a face wash and have had less break outs since we started using it. Best thing about Jason products is that they are organic, all natural, not tested on animals and contain no animal ingredients. Perfect for vegans or those who just care about what they use on their skin and bodies."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Not really smelling anything but \"Baby Powder\" when using this, but I love Baby Powder smell, so this is not a issue for me. I give it a 4 star rating due to the miss-leading name. I do love this Body Wash, it lathers really well when used with a scrunchy, but not with a wash cloth what so ever.The bottle size is impressive and can easily leave a family of 4 1 to 1.5 months. I feel like my skin is already starting to appreciate the \"All Natural\" effect of this product. I will order this again, but in a different scent to try.The texture is very creamy & you do not need a lot & it has the added bonus of the pump & the kids really think that is the coolest thing ever (4 & 5 yrs old)Definetly would recommend this product or any of Jason's Products to anyone looking for healthier skin/hair (yes they make shampoo & conditioner)."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Everything has a smell. When Aveeno says that it is fragrance free that means they did not add any external fragrances to the product which can be irritating to some people. This product smells like cooked plain oats when initially applied, but that will go away after it absorbs.Now that that's out of the way, the reason I rated this product 3 stars is because Aveeno seems to have changed its ingredients around from when I first bought this lotion. Oat Flour (Avena Sativa) use to be its FIRST(most abundant) ingredient. Now it's the 7th, and the first ingredient is water, which I think has caused this lotion to be less effective than it used to be for me."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This scrub replaces the Neutrogena scrub that my daughter and I used. I bought the Neutrogena for myself and as she progressed into a tween she needed a scrub too. She didn't care for the smell of the Neutrogena but it did work very well. I had been buying the Aveeno acne pads for her and decided to get this for the night time routine. She loves the smell and the texture and I love the great price. It leaves a soft glow to her skin and her face never feels oily.This combined with the Aveeno pads, a daily moisturizer with SPF 15 UV protector in the morning, followed by this at night, seems to be doing the trick for keeping acne at bay and keeping her young face bright and healthy.Don't tell her but, dad is using it too now."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've tried more expensive lotions and creams on my face, but I really love this one. It leaves my face feeling and looking very soft. I also love the way you just pump the top and the moisturizer comes out....you don't have to dip your fingers in a jar or touch what's left in it. All creams and lotions and such should be this way...I hate having to dig out cream in a jar with my fingers not knowing if I've left any germs in the remaining cream. I recommend this."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I feel the need to write a review of this product mainly because of all the reviews saying its caustic.First let me say I am a soap maker and run a very successful business making cold process soap. Sometimes I don't get a batch made for myself and I have to buy some,so this was convenient and I bought it even after reading some of the terrible reviews. I have several means of testing soap for caustics I used every single one on this bar before using it on my skin,this soap is in NO way caustic! It's a pretty nice basic soap, a large bar, and came at a good price.When I neglect to have soap made for personal use I will definately purchase this product again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For me, I have tried so many different blow dryers for me baby fine and hard to manage hair. And these previously tried blow dryers blew my hair dry fast of course (I have thin hair), however, they dulled my hair and also damaged my hair as the drying velocity was much too strong and the heating was just too hot!So I tried the Conair 1875 blow dryer and was AMAZED and BLOWN AWAY (no pun intended)! This dryer I have found to dry my hair quickly and gently. Also, my hair is shinier and much more manageable.If you have baby fine hair like I do, this is the blow dryer for you!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have some dry patches no moisturizer seemed to be able to control over the course of a day.  I know this is a night cream, however, I've been using it in the day mixed in with my sunblock and it lasts all day.  I haven't seen those dry patches in the last month or so since I started using it.  I don't know about wrinkle control just yet but I does work very well for me as a moisturizer.  It does have a scent to it, I don't consider it offensive but I grew up in a time when most beauty products had some scent to them some more than others so I don't mind it.  It doesn't linger."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I still got stretchmarks even with religious use of this product. After asking my doctor and reading books and online articles, I'm not sure if stretchmarks is something you can avoid by rubbing in some cream. I think genetics and your body shape plays a factor, too. I mean I have friends who just used plain old olive oil and coconut oil and didn't get stretchmarks. I had friends who didn't do anything and didn't get stretchmarks. Then there are gals that tried everything and still got stretchmarks.I still give it 4 stars because it's inexpensive enough that if you want to try it, it's very affordable. Plus it smells great and has a great texture. Rubs in easily and is a nice way to relax and bond with you baby in utero while giving yourself a little R&R; time and a belly massage. And this cream is very hydrating. I sometimes apply to hands and feet as well and it works great.If you want to try, go for it. Can't hurt!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have tried almost every conditioner on the market and found that most are too rich and weigh my hair down or they don't moisturize enough and left a rat's nest out of my hair.  Of course the superexpensive (Fekkai) ones work great but I get tired of paying that much money all the time. I was very pleasantly surprised that this conditioner worked PERFECT. My hair felt conditioned but it was not weighed down and it had some body. This has a very light, pleasant scent. I highly recommend this to anyone just to try and see and at this price its not an investment."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I discovered this product when I was searching for something to cover up the whiteness caused by Aveeno 85 Sunblock. This moisturizer is perfect for that purpose. It has SPF 30, which is not relevant to me, since it's going on over the heavy sunblock, but that is a nice feature for anyone wanting to protect their skin. I use the Fair to Light tint, and it covers up the sunscreen with a nice even coverage. It's very sheer and natural looking and I have gotten a lot of compliments on my skin since I started using it. I don't use a lot, just one pump in the morning and I'm done, so it lasts a really long time. Like all the Aveeno products, it has a faint pleasant smell that doesn't linger. Well worth the price."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For an inexpensive mask, this does the job for my face, especially when I have a small breakout.  I've been using this for 14 years and hasn't let me down since.  I use it a few times a week to keep the acne down with a minimum time of 20 minutes.  However after removing it, tone (if needed) and moisturize (if necessary) I have recognize it can be somewhat drying, but it's not too bad, in my opinion.  Still the best mask I use for breakouts."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Works on my long mostly straight hair to provide a bit of shine and to get the ends to curl under.  (I do not know how it will work on thick or curly hair.) It heats up in less than a minute and gives my ends a curl in under 16 seconds on a medium heat setting. The turbo setting works in a few seconds and gives a good heat boost. It will give you a tighter curl. I am done with my hair in under 3 minutes most days.Be careful not to  wind  your hair too many times over the brush or you could get a tangle that is difficult to undo. One or two turns is very safe.My last  curler one kept going for several years and only failed after one too many falls to the bathroom floor. These things are quite durable under normal circumstances. Could not live without one."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "As far as drugstore mascaras go, I have loved Full N Soft for years. Drugstore mascara is inexpensive, so I have often experimented with other brands/formulas - Maybelline, Revlon, L'Oreal, etc., but Full N Soft is the one I come back to. It is great in a single coat and also builds well. If building, I recommend using a clean mascara brush to separate between coats. If during the day your lashes get bent (this happens to me with sun and prescription glasses), use your finger to apply pressure and curve lashes back in place. The flexible formula will re-mold. No flakes, no mess.The brownish-black is natural and minky-coloured. The super black is dramatically black!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "About the time my son turned four Johnson's baby shampoo - a household staple - began to fail us.  It wasn't getting his and his older sister's hair clean and so I set about to find a replacement.  Suave's Strawberry shampoo was it.This shampoo gets their hair clean and leaves it smelling nice.  In addition it works fine as a body wash, which means that I can clean the entirety of their sweaty, mud splattered little bodies with one product.  After using it for over a year, I can say that I've found no downside.  It doesn't dry out their skin or hair, and it's affordable.Four Stars.  Very Good Shampoo.  Smells nice and cleans well.  We use it as a body wash and it doesn't dry out or irritate my children's sensitive skin.Pam T~"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It saddens me to write this review because I've been using Buf Puf since I was about 12. I always attributed my youthful appearance to daily exfoliation with the Buf Puf, but now I think my cystic acne in my 30's and 40's was certainly exacerbated if not caused by the Buf Puf. I discontinued use of this product and switched to a skin care line called Glytone (buy at Dermstore.com) and haven't had a breakout in over 2 months. Unfortunately I'm convinced the harsh exfoliation causes skin to rebel and break out. I won't use again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "As long as this eyeliner is applied correctly there should be no peeling, fading or flaking.  The only time I get some flaking or peeling is if I apply it too thickly. I put this on early in the morning (7am or so) and don't take it off until 11 or 12 pm.  And in all that time it stayed where I put it and the color stayed true.I have horrible allergies and I also have tear producing issues...combine these problems and there is really nothing I could wear to line my eyes-until I found  Maybelline Lineworks.  My eyes can and will at times ooze tears all day.Sometimes it looks as if I'm having a crying jag. BUT even through all this, my liner never goes anywhere! I use Ponds to take it off at night.  Easy peasy!The only thing I'm upset with is that Maybelline seems to be  dis-continuing many of the colors and while I can understand it, I don't LIKE it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My Dermatologist told me to start using this when I was 25 since i had a bad scaly patch and just could never ever get a grip on my dry skin. I have super dry skin and had been trying all kinds of stuff, even vasoline and olive oil. My skin is so dry it hurts after I take a shower. Anyway I've used this, and only this plus the other night one in the pump - and my skin looks awesome and I'm almost 40 now. I stopped when I was pregnant, and when I had the baby as these creams may not be good for pregnant ladies or infants (they don't know but it's a lot of vitamin A so play it safe). I just used coconut oil (straight) during those times. EVERYONE has always told me they CANNOT believe my age, I look way way young for my age. I can show you a photo if you want."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "#4 is not a coffee brown to my eyes, it is much mid range brown.Dark Brown(#4)made my natural black (middle east black hair color) a kind of golden brown,anyhow its lighter than coffee brown. I was expecting something like black brown, which was not. Unfortunately, It was not working as grey color hair concealer or cover.#3(soft black), on the other hand, has been acceptably matching my natural hair color. It has 100% gray hair coverage for my case and I probably stick to this number.#2B, black seems like leather black, not very natural in my context, but we could call it black anyway.I have also Loreal Feria black (#20), it is also a fake black for my hair, kind of leather black, like Crow's feather color!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I had horrible eczema on both arms for over a week. It was bad my skin burned in some spots. I went to the Dermatologist and was given a prescription cream. The cream did NOTHING. After another week of this crud on my arms I spotted the Aveeno I had in my cupboard. I thought, \"Why not?\" I applied it after showering at night twice and on day three ALL of the dry spots were gone. I love Aveeno products and no I was not paid to write this. I am a life fan now."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used this for a few months now and this just moisturizes. For reference, I have normal, slightly oily lids. My eye area is incredibly sensitive to retinol. I have really dark circles, mostly due to genetics.Pros:-my skin has not reacted negatively to this product-first ingredient is water, making this a good starter moisturizer for beginners-does not sting or bother my eyes much if I accidentally get some in-affordableCons:-does not get rid of dark circles. There is white shimmer in this gel, which will reflect light making it seem like your dark circles are lighter.-does not get rid/fill in fine lines.-dries tacky. I've varied the amount I put on and there's still a tacky residue through out the day. Might be good for those who use makeup.Although I wouldn't buy this again, I would definitely recommend this product to those just starting out with eye creams. Also, this seems like it will last me a long time. I do use this twice a day."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been very pleased with my purchase of Alpha Hydrox AHA Enhanced Creme, Anti-Wrinkle Exfoliant.  I use it along with a moisturizer each night.  It tingles at times, but not to any extreme.  It is not greasy or too heavy, but seems to last on my skin throughout the night.  Happily, there is a notable difference in my skin!  I see fewer lines and my face is soft and much smoother.  For the price, it is a bargain that lasts far longer than expensive products of a similar nature.  I have found a product in Alpha Hydrox AHA Enhanced Creme, Anti-Wrinkle Exfoliant that I will purchase again and again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I use this after I wash my face and before I put on makeup.  I use it morning & night in the winter, and at night in the summer, on my face and neck.  It does not take much at all to cover a lot of area. One container lasts me forever!  My brother even uses this in the winter when his skin gets so dry.This doesn't clog my acne-prone pores at all! And works wonders very quickly! (I like to think it also helps me avoid wrinkles!- I haven't gotten any yet!) This moisturizes without that greasy feeling some products can leave you with.  I highly recommend this!1smileycat :-)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have very sensitive skin so I have to be careful about what products I use when I have breakouts on my body (notably my shoulders and back).  My dermatologists recommended that I try the Neutrogrena Body Clear Body Wash, Pink Grapefruit for when I broke out.  She was adamant that I did not use it on a daily basis because my sensitive skin and she is right! This body wash is great for when you breakout during the summer months- the salicylic acid treats your pimples.  It does so quickly and without much irritation to my sensitive skin.  However, I thought because it was rather gentle when I did breakout that I could use it on a daily basis- WRONG.  After using it for about 5 days in a row, my skin was extremely irritated and very dry.  I would recommend that sensitive skin people only use this product when they breakout or KNOW they are going to breakout, otherwise it will dry out your skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Simply put, there is nothing on this earth that removes rough skin for my feet.  My skin is baby smooth after use.  This product is rather messy; therefore I would suggest using the product outside.  Otherwise you are left with white skin bits on your floors that are rather unappealing and difficult to clean.  You will be astonished by how much new skin is revealed after using this product.  I also use it on my hands, knees and elbows.  My skin is highly sensitive and there are no adverse reactions to this product. I've been using this for over 10 years and wouldn't use anything else."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this scrub (sensitive skin, original, and the acne varieties) for over 10 years now.  It's a great basic scrub that is inexpensive.  I use it every morning in the shower and my makeup goes on a lot more evenly once I've exfoliated with it.  My best friend tried it out when she stayed over my place and has been using it ever since as well.  Even my boyfriend loves it and says that it prevents ingrown hairs on his face and neck from shaving.  This is a great scrub and I'm going to keep buying it as long as St. Ives is making it.  Try it, you won't be disappointed!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I purchased this product to alleviate symptoms from seasonal allergies. Every spring  my eyes itch and I'm constantly sneezing. Most allergy medications are too expensive and/or ineffective or cause drowiness. After researching the benefits of steam treatements for people like me I purchased the Conair Facial Sauna. I realize this product is designed for cosmetic reasons but it does the same thing the more expensive allergy/sinus steam machines do for a third of the price. I used it at night for 5 minutes and my eyes stop itching and I get restful sleep. I don't know if this product makes the skin glow as some other reviewers have claimed but it couldn't hurt. I would purchase again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "GOES ON MATTE which i hadn't even considered until after it had shipped and was already in transit. Which was nice because I'm Jamaican/Mexican with a medium brown complection that looks nothing like the color of the product in the picture.I have incredibly oily skin, this product has not eliminated, but has done wonders for keeping the gross oily spots at bay, for the most part anyway.The only con and the one reason it isn't 5 stars is that i still have shine, but not nearly to the degree that it was before. this has done wonders for my self esteem. I would highly reccomend to anyone who has shine problems :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product gives you good coverage without looking heavy or leaving a line of demarcation at your neckline. It doesn't have a chalky or powdery look, and has an added bonus of sunscreen. I usually prefer a cream matte foundation, but this Maybelline Purestay Powder & Foundation gives me excellent results as well. If you find that you need a little extra coverage for whatever reason, this powder also goes on looking natural on top of other cosmetics -- just use a light touch in applying.This makeup has excellent staying power, and that's what really counts. Who has time to keep checking in a mirror and retouching your face all day long? I never once felt the need to do my face again during the day!This is a good value at a fair price. Recommended!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a great idea and useful for anyone who prefers to use Benzoyl Peroxide in a wash instead of a cream. I like using this once every few weeks to kill the bacteria that can cause blackheads. It is a rich, creamy clay-like mask that instantly dissolves when water is applied. You can apply this before getting in the shower and it easily rinses away.As the product penetrates into your pores, you feel a cooling sensation. This is also a wonderful product to use on large areas of your body, like your back in the summer, etc. If warm weather makes you break out, try this product a few times a week and I think you will see a difference in the clearness of your skin.It is rather drying, so you might want to use a more intense moisturizer on the day you use this product.3.5% Benzoyl PeroxideAlso look for Biore Deep Cleansing Pore StripsClean & Clear concealing treatment stick~The Rebecca Review"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I generally do pretty well with Eucerin products, but unfortunately, this just wasn't it. When I first put it on, I noticed the smell, exactly like sunscreen, and my face (which is already pale) looked like a ghost. It turned my skin white! And I reeked of sunscreen.The biggest disappointment from this product was one of its ingredients: sulfate. If you are sensitive to sulfates in the smallest way, this product will definitely dry out your skin. My skin started flaking off after two weeks of using this lotion, and definitely improved when I stopped. Instead of moisturizing it like it claims to do, it did the complete opposite.Overall, this was disappointing. My skin looked flaky, white, and smelled like sunscreen. There are definitely better moisturizers out on the market."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This cream feels great and feels like it absorbs well. Unfortunately, it also seems to be slightly pore clogging since it causes small white heads.I also the had the tinted version of this cream and was not satisfied with it at all. It was too thick and did not spread well. The &#34;tint&#34; was more heavily colored than some of the foundations I have used in the past AND it just seemed to sit on top of the skin. As a result, the color would rub off in spot and look blotchy. In other words, it was terrible. This one is MUCH better, but it still doesn't cut it, really.If you want an AMAZING cream, see my review of the L'Oreal Ideal Moisture Even Tone cream. I really love it. http://www.amazon.com/review/R1P4OWBH1VSBUF/ref=cm_cr_pr_perm?ie=UTF8&ASIN;=B00AYWN8OY"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this because it has soy in it and I know soy helps to even the skin tone. I thought the salicylic acid it contains would help to keep my skin clear as well. But this made my already oily skin appear to be greasy. By mid day if I ran my hand over my face I could see the oil on my hand as well. There is also only 0.5% salicylic acid which really does nothing to control chronic acne.The good points are that the pads are nice and large and it smells nice and lathers up nicely. In fact I continued to use it b/c I liked the way the lather felt on my face, but it just got to be too oily for me so I stopped. If you have dry skin, I recommend it, but I do not recommend it for people who have oily skin and chronic or severe acne."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I recently read the book Curly Girl and have been trying out different organic/natural products for my hair that are free of sulfates (very drying), silicones, alcohols and parabens. This shampoo is amazing! It smells fantastic and cleans very well. I use EO's restorative conditioner after and my hair looks fabulous and my curls are magazine-worthy!!I purchased an entire line of EO hair products - shampoo, conditioner, pre-shampoo and styling cream and the gel for curly hair. I love every single product.It is so refreshing to find a company that offers AFFORDABLE chemical-free hair products that actually work extremely well. Thanks EO Products!!!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My husband and I both use this shampoo - he for light dandruff control, and me just because I like the way it cleans my fine hair.  It is paraben-free, and does not contain sodium lauryl/laureth sulfates.  The scent is not as refreshing as the scent of Jason Natural Cosmetics - Satin Shower Body Wash/Tea Tree Oil 30 fl oz Gel, which is a fabulous body wash, but it is not a bad scent.  You do need to watch that it doesn't get in your eyes, since tea tree oil can sting a bit."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this. I used to over in over color my hair blonde from Loreal and thena toner. omy it costs alot. I tried ash blonde and got purple tones.. so one day I waslike ok try this.. I am amzed. My hair is a light diamond blonde it is gorgous.I use the loreal shimmer blonde shampoo and cond. with this and wow so pretty.The color lasts me three weeks and feels and looks great. I also use a silk drops to makeit soft. It is nice. thanks.."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this cleanser for my husband. He was looking for something simple to help his complexion and he loves this stuff! I was sharing my own personal cleanser with him at first, but he didn't like that. I decided to try this for myself a couple of times. It doesn't foam, but it leaves your skin feeling squeaky clean. I also love the smell. With regular use, I have noticed a change in my husband's skin for sure. Good stuff! It looks smoother and brighter."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the best cleanser I have used in years.  I have 30 year old skin that is starting to look a tiny bit tired after two kids and lack of sleep.  In addition I have break outs still on a regular basis or should I say I did until using this product.  Since using this product my skin is looking refreshed and I have ZERO breakouts, even around that time of the month.  I ran out and was using some sample products I had on hand and what a mistake, my blemishes came back almost instantly.  As soon as I returned to using this product my skin was clear and feeling great.  I use it once a day in combination with the Neutrogena lavender face wipes at night.  This product is not a scrub, but a creamy sort of cleanser.  I would recommend this product for sure, no hesitation."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product has replaced my Proactive cleanser. It has 3.5% benzoyl peroxide, 1% more than proactive, so it really keeps your skin clear. CAn be used as a mask and cleanser. It is non irritating, and does not dry my face out. Dissolves oil too. I use the benzoyl peroxide moisturizer (step 3) from proactive. This is the only product that always works and does not irritate my skin, with exfoliants. I also use this with the Neutrogena Wave Duo, I rinse out the soap from the disposable pads and use it to deep clean my face."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I got this compact hair dryer to replace the same model, which I'd had for a decade or two but the cord started to wear. I found my old one to be very reliable and with a surprisingly strong air flow for the compact size of the dryer. I'd taken it on several dozen trips and used it at home often as well. This new one seems to be of equally good quality and has all the features I'd liked on my old one. I was so glad Conair still makes it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have extremely dry skin/psoriasis and I have tried all of the moisturizers in the world that claim to relieve dry skin but Cetaphil is the only cream that has ever saved me. It's really great for any skin type and I recommend it to everyone. It seems like it would be greasy but when its put on, it absorbs really fast and you can see that your skin really and FINALLY finally moisturized and its a rather wonderful feeling. I'm pretty sure that if I didn't use it, I'll have horribly dry/ peeling skin all over my face and look twenty years older than I actually do because of it. It's so wonderful! CeraVe and Cetaphil are the two moisturizers I highly recommend, but Cetaphil is still my favorite."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I recently bought two gorgeous colors of Revlon lipstick: Fabulous Fig and Highbeam Tan. I was pleased to discover that the Fabulous Fig rates surprisingly safe on the EWG Skindeep site, but the Highbeam Tan has a poor score and is full of parabens and other junk. It's too bad, because Highbeam Tan is such a fantastic color. I wish companies like Revlon would clean up the ingredients in their products. It isn't that hard, or that expensive, to make lipstick that contains safer ingredients. The Fabulous Fig vs. the Highbeam Tan is a perfect example of this."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have used L'Oreal Preference colors before and have never had a color bleed as long as this one! It took a week and a half for the water to FINALLY run clear in my shower and I spend a lot of time rinsing in general and shower every day. That being said, it's an ok color. It is dark but not as an intense red as I would hope for. Id say it's more of a dark brown/red. It's more of a natural color. I would use it again if I wanted to make less of a statement and just make sure I used a towel for my hair that I don't mind ruining for a while."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I read the rave reviews about using it for years through many generations and the benefits of using it. I am in my early 50's so I wanted to get rid of forehead wrinkles and facial lines. I think I got better results in Ponds. This rich cream may need to sit on the face at night but I don't do night creams-messy. It seems it blends in nicely with a little moderate rubbing but I just didn't notice much difference in my apperance. It's just ok with me not bad and not great."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "First off, if you have an Ulta near by, you can find this product there for four dollars in the same size. I used to use the Biore oil control clay mask which is an excellent product but they're no longer selling it anywhere. I was going to buy another expensive mask to replace the Biore but decided to try the Freeman brand since it was so inexpensive. It's not as good as the higher priced masks of course but it works well enough for me to purchase again. It leaves my face feeling soft and tightens up my pores. The results don't last very long for me; I have a very oily face due to hormone imbalances and it's very hard to control this for more than one day. I use this mask every three days and use an oil-control cream cleanser the rest of the time. My favorite thing about the Freeman mask is that it doesn't cost much. If it were more than ten dollars, I would never buy it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I hate it when my moisturizer slithers of my face like an oil slick, or is so thick you almost have to add water to spread it onto your face. Just one pump of this covers my face, neck and d&eacute;collet&eacute;. Makeup application is smooth, and seems to stay put longer than usual when I use this. I haven't noticed any major changes in the appearance of my fine lines, etcBut I do like he way my skin feels when I use this.  I'd order it again for sure."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I recently had back surgery and was not allowed to take showers for a number of weeks. Sponge baths worked ok for the body, but washing the hair was a problem as chances of getting the water on the scar (and thus risk of infection) were high. I was miserable not being able to wash my hair until someone told me about No-rinse Shampoo.Small things make a big difference when you are hospitalized/recovering from surgery.  No-rinse shampoo removed one of the things that was making me feel bad and I am so pleased someone told me about it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This stuff is terrible.  It makes my skin break out because it leaves a waxy residue on your face after you wash it off that clogs my pores.  Also, the \"microbeads\" are a joke - you can barely tell they're there and they don't help exfoliate at all.  Worst of all is that this scrub is like a gel, and I prefer scrubs that are like a cream.  To top it off, it does not \"brighten\" or even out my skin tone at all.  I would not buy this garbage again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "There are plenty of reviews here on the performance of this dryer, which I think is fine, but I wanted to comment on it being a \"quiet\" dryer.  It \"is\" quieter than most, but my previous Conair Ionic hair dryer was 80 decibels on high, and this one is 90 decibels on high.  Anything over 80 decibels can damage your hearing, so I'm a bit disappointed in this, but again, it's still quieter than most hair dryers... but I would have thought the \"newer\" dryer would have been even more quiet."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "After having my baby I developed a rash on my hands from overwashing and extremely dry skin. I visited a dermatologist who prescribed me a steroid cream to get rid of the rash and samples of this hand cream. He insisted I use this every time I wash my hands to keep them moisturized so I would not have another rash breakout. I have been using this for over a year now and do not have dry chapped skin. I still wash my hands about 20 times a day so this is a life saver!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the best bang for your buck when it comes to inexpensive mascaras. It definitely gives lashes dramatic volume but in a way that draws attention to your eyes and not your makeup. It doesn't clump at all, and it only flakes if you really start rubbing your eyes. My only complaint with this product is that it is very difficult to remove...but it's a waterproof mascara. It's supposed to be long lasting! When I shower and wash my face each night it will not budge. It doesn't bother me, but if you are someone who must remove every speck before bedtime, this is not for you!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "im 13 and i love neutrogena products. i bought this from target and it was $10. i have been using it only for a little while but i noticed it made my skin super soft!! and spf in a moisturizer is awesome, and the fact that it is no comedogenic (srry idk how to spell that??) i would totally recommed this, i have sort of oily skin and i think i just need to buy some blotting wipes or something like that, elf ahve some 150 for $3!! but i think that theres nothing that will stop the oil from coming out through the moisturizer or your makeup. if that makes sense. hope this helped :) good luck"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been dyeing my hair various shades of brown and red for years and usually pick great colors. I have a medium mousy brown naturally.  I decided to get an early start on my darker \"fall look\" by changing my very light brown and blondish tipped hair to a light to medium chocolate brown with slight golden hints (as pictured). I hoped it would look closer to my natural color..but with more depth. And well, this dye turned it very dark brown, nearly black at the ends. I hope it fades soon. I have to say, it doesn't look so bad, I had black hair for years in college. It was a bit of a shock and wish I had read reviews on it before purchasing in the store! I gave three stars because I'm remaining optimistic that it will fade a bit!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Recommended.I have used this to set my L'oreal True Match liquid makeup for years. I have fairly pale skin, and this is the only powder I've found to match my skin tone. Most powders have a tendency to run pink, and I have decidedly warm undertones, so I was pleasantly pleased to find a powder that won't turn my face orange. I have also used CoverGirl's similar powder foundation, which runs slightly more pink than this (though I'd probably classify it more neutral...), and I have a tendency to buy whichever one's cheaper at the drug store. I do not, however, like the powder puff that comes with this product. It's the thin, flat, cloth-type thing that might work better for some people but cakes the powder over my foundation. Whenever I purchase this powder, I use my own face brush to apply it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using these for years (since I read Bo Derek stating in a post \"10\" interview that she used them to keep her skin smooth :-)).  As my skin has aged, I have switched from the regular to the gentle version.I have sensitive skin that doesn't like harsh chemicals.  Using these allows me to slough off the older layers as well or better than expensive exfoliants.  They helped control acne and now remove the old skin that keeps me from having the \"healthy glow\" that the commercials for costly creams promise.  It has been difficult to find these locally as the shelf space gets taken by new, expensive options, so I am really glad to find them on Amazon.Inexpensive, re-usable, no chemical reactions or worries about getting something in your eye. Perfect."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have not been able to find this conditioner anywhere until I spotted it on Amazon. Because it's a spray mist, it's much easier to control where and how much I want to apply, which I like because my hair is fine and most bottled conditioners weigh it down, even after ample rinsing.  This spray also enhances the highlights in my hair - I don't know why since it's not meant to do that, but I don't mind. The scent is wonderful and light. I purchased a 3/pk for about $11 with free Prime shipping so for now, I'm a happy camper!  Thanks again Amazon....."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I can't find this is ANY stores.  Neutrogena makes something similar in a pump, but I hear that it's pretty harsh on the skin.  I got this due to rave reviews -- and Thank You Amazon for carrying it --- and I absolutely love it.  I wear it almost nightly under my moisturizer.  My skin is smoother and appears fresher in the morning.  It did make my nose peel a little bit, but that's when I take a night off.  I really like this and hopefully can continue to buy this."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using Nivea's face scrub for years, and I would never consider washing my face with any other product. The scrubbing elements in this product gently scrape the dirt and dead skin from your face, and leave it feeling revitalized and really clean. If your skin is oily, or if you work in a humid or otherwise grimy environment, then you will certainly appreciate this scrub. I use it after taking a shower and/or right before I shave. I feel that even when my face is not particularly grimy, this scrub helps me get a smoother-feeling face that is much easier to shave. Overall, this is a great product that has become and integral part of my personal care arsenal."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I really think if your skin is like leather this is for you.  Otherwise, stay away.  I followed the directions and then started cutting back when I noticed it was turning into red splotches.  I finally quit after a week or so.  I was so embarrassed to go out of the house.  All I wanted was to get rid of the red spots that were left after pimples came and left.  I am a strawberry blonde with fair skin.  The alpha hydroxy is the culprit.  I had high hopes.  This product deserves zero stars."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Over the past year, I had gel french nails done bi-weekly in a salon, unfortunately, after about 1 year, my nails were burning, which I know is due to filing/sanding. I did tons of research and came up with a non-salon regimen that works for me. I use Hoofmaker Hand and Nail lotion, Nailtiques Plus 2, Zeva Crystal file, and Zeva Nail Brite. Finally, I use 2 different cuticle cream a few x's per day - Barielle cuticle cream. Barielle's cuticle cream dries nicely. All of this together has made a huge difference. I never thought it was possible to have natural nails that actually looked nice."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Even though I am pushing 50, and my skin is pretty dry, I still keep this clay masque on hand. Why? Because I have large pores that are getting (ack!) even bigger as I age. With one use, I can see my pores visibly reduced. With two I'm almost back to \"Pores? What pores?\" This stuff is super cheap, you get a lot for your money and it works.General 411: I usually put this all over my face (except eyes and mouth, of course),leave it on 20-ish minutes to let it dry. Rinse with a wash cloth then follow with a good moisturizer on my drier bits. The next day I exfoliate really well to get rid of any dry skin flakes. After this 1-2 procedure, I look like I've had a professional facial!Unfortunately, there's no way to \"cure\" large pores, but this masque certainly helps keep them in check."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I tried this. It didn't work for me but it might work for others based on all the good reviews it has on amazon. It's probably only for certain hair types (maybe shorter and less oily hair). My hair gets oily quickly and when I use this the day after a shower, It doesn't feel clean. It leaves a sticky feeling in my hair and it still looks oily. It also weighs my hair down. The only plus is it smells nice. Powder dry shampoo may be another option, but I haven't tried that one yet."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been trying to develop a skin care routine and was looking for a good moisturizer.  I have oily acne prone skin and this made my skin burn and break out even worse.  My face is red and dry now because of this.  Cystic acne is not fun to deal with and this brought out too many cysts around my chin and cheeks.  My face was doing great, clearing up before this.  Waste of my money, but I guess it's all about trial and error.  I take my time when adding a new product to my skincare routine so that I know if its going to break me out or not,"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Oily, and makes makeup slip off without having to apply pressure on the cotton pad. A little goes a long way. Cuts through heavy duty mascara, liner, shadow, you name it (I've used it on stubborn lip stains). You will have to wipe/clean the oil off your lids and lashes if you want to reapply makeup after using this. If you DO need to reapply after using remover, you should consider a water-based makeup remover that will evaporate so you don't have to worry about oil residue causing your makeup to slip off. Usually I remove my makeup at the end of the day before bathing and don't reapply makeup until the next day, so the oil doesn't bother me. Will repurchase."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I live this product - it is great as a moisturizer and isn't too heavy for my oily skin. I love the scent but, unfortunately, I think that is what made my skin tingle when I first started using it. The tingle has gone away, for the most part, but people with sensitive skin or people (like me) who use things like Retin-A that make their skin sensitive, take note. I think next time I'll try the Olay Pro-X Age Repair Lotion or the Total Effects 7-In-1."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I just got Olay Total Effects Fragrance Free this week. I was worried because some reviewers said that they had bad reactions, and that it's not good if you have sensitive skin. I have very sensitive skin and I have not had any bad reaction to this.I think the key is not to get the one with SPF. The people who had bad reactions bought the one with SPF. This fragrance free variety without SPF has not given me any problem so far. I am not happy that the product contains parabens though, so I won't buy it again for that reason.So, if you want to try Olay Total Effects, get the one that is fragrance free and does not have the SPF."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I work full time and go to school at night so I was looking for a product that I could throw on in a hurry that was able to stand in place of make up. I have combination skin so a moisturizer was just what I was looking for. At first I LOVED this product! It covered quiet well and was very moisturizing. However, I only wore it for 4-5 hours at a time while I was in class. I later tried it on a weekend and noticed I had some minor break outs. The more I used it the more I broke out. Then I noticed there is SHIMMER in it! If you have acne shimmer will accentuate your break outs. Awful!Pros:Coverage; Not quite as good as make up but able to stand inSmell; VERY light smell of sun tan lotion, other than that unscentedFeel; It goes on pretty thick but absorbs into the skin well so you don't feel too greasy. Heavier than my normal face lotion, thoughSPFCons:SHIMMER!Caused break outs"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Good and cheap hair styling product! I tried it today after I blow-dried my hair. It was frizzy and hard to handle at the tips, as always. I looked like a troll. I turned this on and let it warm for a few minutes. I put 2 on each side and one on the crown. After a couple minutes I took them off and voila! Loose, sexy, and effortless Victoria's secret curls (:Would recommend to anyone, unless you're looking for a genuine curl."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is an amazing night cream. I wanted to try a mild retinol product to see how it affected my acne prone skin and I am happy to say that there are only two products in the world that do not make me break out after using it and this is one of them. I noticed my skin was much smoother after just the first application and only improved afterwards. No tingling or burning as with other retinol products and I even applied it around my eyes without any negative reactions. There wasn't any significant improvement with the fine wrinkles that I have on my forehead due to sun exposure but it is still a wonderful night cream. Overall, I definitely recommend this product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I absolutely love this conair instant heat curling iron!  I ordered it on amazon because of the great price. It did not come in the packaging I'm used to seeing in stores but figured it may have just changed since my last curling iron purchase (last year).  The first time I used it it worked great.  The second it kept turning off or shorting out on me.  I changed outlets and still the problem continued.I would recommend this curling iron to a friend but perhaps not through the internet.I re-ordered thinking it was just a defective one and the second time, it wouldn't even heat up enough to hold a curl.  I think Conair has changed it's product and I will not buy again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is the best foundation I have ever used.  It is easy to apply, completely covers and evens the skin tone, and stays on all day without clumping up.  Like the other reviewers, I appreciate that it dries matte.  I tried it because I have lupus and live at a high altitude, so I need extra UV protection.  So far so good.  The ability to lighten and darken the tone is great, although I do wish there were a way to add cooler/pink tones, since it is a tad yellowish.  That being said, I get lots of compliments about my skin when I wear this and, hey, I feel pretty!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I gave this dryer a 5 because I am very satisfied with the speed that it dries and how soft and smooth my hair is right afterwards.  This is probably not the only dryer that will give these kinds of results and it's probably not the best.  But if you have thick long hair like mine(reaches my waist)this is a handy tool.  It is a little heavy but it shouldn't be a problem if you only need to hold it for 5-10 minutes.  The real reason why I chose this ionic dryer is because I love Revlon's button configuration. The top button lets me adjust the temperature from cool, warm to hot.  And the bottom button adjusts the air flow from low, med to high. It lets me control and style my hair how I want to. I get so frustrated when the temperature corresponds to the air flow setting because it won't let me use hot on low or cool on med...catch my drift?  Anyway, nice dryer:)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The entire Aveeno Clear Complexion line is amazing. This moisturizer in particular is amazing, and I usually can never find it in stores which is why I strictly have to order it on Amazon - which I am not complaining about! This order always arrives literally 2 days after I buy it, and I am in love with how this moisturizer makes my skin feel. I have very sensitive skin with some oily spots and acne..and this cream is perfect after washing my face in the morning and at night. What I love best about this product is that it doesn't make my face more oily, and it keeps my skin feeling refreshed even during the summer. Love it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This calming gel will soothe your skin. I found a small sample in a sample kit and was impressed with the ingredients. Peppermint, Lavender, Rosemary, Safe, Aloe Vera, Witch Hazel, Tea Tree, Chamomile, Camphor and Bergamot oil top the list for healing.This formula helps to neutralize any bacteria and is especially good for oily skin. You can use this over your entire face or just for spot treatment.Also look for Pore Shrink Deep Pore Cleansing Mask and the Start Up Exfoliating Face Wash.I'd like them to make these containers twicethe size, at least.~The Rebecca Review"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I was very skeptical about buying this because I have tried just about everything out there on my skin. I haven't had any noticable results until now. I use this with Alpha Hydrox facewash. My skin has never looked better! After the first week I noticed amazing results. I have oily acne prone skin, but the combination of the two products has made a huge difference in my life. My complection has never looked better. I finally feel comfortable going without my make up, which I haven't done that since I was 13, pathetic huh?  I reccommend this to EVERYONE! It's worth every penny! I started noticing fine lines in my forehead so I wanted to find a anti-wrinkle cream to help with all my skin issues,uneven skin tone, breakouts, oily skin, etc.After a 2 weeks of this wah la! PERFECTION!!!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this at a local store for just 3 dollars,and I wanted to know what the hype was about.Typically, I use more expensive products on my face,believing that they will do the trick, but I was proven wrong.Despite the low price of this, it works very well, and there is agenerous amount of it in the package. I recommend it, it stingsa bit, but really does what it says! I do also feel a bit of tightnessfrom it, but other than that, this is a great product and has a priceyou really can't beat."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been wearing this as long as they've been making it. I only wear clear because I'm very fair complected and color looks weird on me. My lips are small too so I prefer just gloss. It has a very subtle sparkle and will keep your lips conditioned. It's not sticky like so many are. It's very easy to apply while driving or sitting at a light. When I finish a tube, I take an orange stick (for manicures)and scoop the rest out from the base of the tube. Then I put it in a small plastic container. You wouldn't believe how much is left in the base! Probably at least another month of usage."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Neutrogena Body Oil is an added extra....something good especially through this exceptionally brutal winter. However, for me, it doesn't work as well in the shower as I expected it to.  I love Neutrogena products and decided to try this.  It works just OK during the shower.  I even do as instructed...use on damp skin w/o rubbing off. I must say though, I find it works much better when I use it in the bath.  Maybe it's the fact that it has more time to penetrate into the skin.I have sensitive skin &amp; therefore I'm really comfortable w/Neutrogena's light products.  I may have to get something a little stronger for the shower but for my baths...it's good!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am originally from Wisconsin, so I'm used to dry, cold weather.  However, I have lived in Texas for the last 3 years and my hands have never been as dry as they are right now.  My knuckles are red and flaky.  I have an office job, so my hands are not even in water a lot, but they are extremely dry and wrinkly.  I have tried jojoba oil and it helped better than regular lotion, but still not what I was looking for.  I came across this and love that it is organic and it works better than anything I have found yet.  My hands are still a bit rough, but nothing like they were before.  It does have a slightly funky smell---smells like pepto to me---but definitely worth it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "With my adult acne I have to pamper my skin or it gets too dry.  I love this face wash because my skin feels amazingly clean and SUPER soft and moisturized after washing.  It almost feels as if I have already put my moisturizer on and it does not leave it with a tight feeling.  When I am having hormonal breakouts I have to attack my problen skin with several different products and techniques.  This is a frontline weapon for use several times a day.As a middle-ages woman I look for products that are fierce on blemishes, but gentle to my skin underneath.  This satisfies."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have dark reddish/brown hair and wanted to dye it blonde for a change. I chose this brand because the before photo on the box appeared to match my hair the closest and the after photo best matched the shade of blonde I wanted to be. I applied this brand to my hair and it did absolutely nothing. It says on the directions to leave it in for 25 minutes. I wasn't noticing a change so I left it in for an hour. I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because the conditioner smells amazing and it left my hair feeling very soft. Too bad the dye doesn't work."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have very dark brown hair and for some reason it took me a while to learn that these feria blacks are just not good for your hair. not only does it strip my color out of my hair (my hair starts turning medium brown in spots after a week of this product) but my hair absolutely feels awful (course, dry, brittle) immediately after usage. loreals \"last through 28 shampoos\" creme gloss product is longer lasting than this so called permanent hair color. I think this crap needs to be taken off the shelves and they need to try again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Pleasant smell, non-irritating, non-drying does it what it claims! I was depressed over how my skin was looking & tried Proactiv but that stuff made my condition worse, with this & the Neutrogena, Anti-Wrinkle, Anti-Blemish cream, I noticed a noticable difference the next day even my mom said that my skin was pretty! Don't expect a big lather with this in fact, it's actually a good thing it doesn't lather too much (it's just right) because that can be drying to your skin just as they say you don't want an uber soapy shampoo that lathers too much because that can strip the oils from your hair drying it out. I LOVE THIS STUFF, & being on a fixed income I needed something I can afford that actually delivered on it's promises!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have this in our guest bathroom shower and it is perfect.  The bottles hold only about 2/3 of the full size one I have in our master bath, but that is fine since the occasional use it gets doesn't facilitate a lot of refilling.  I loath those wire shelving units for showers so I was so excited to find this and have everything off the floor and kept together for easy use in such a tidy little package.This comes with the silicone adhesive AND a few squares of adhesive foam backing, the idea is you spread the silicone on and the adhesive foam squares hold it in place while it dries.  You have to wait 24 hours before filling the bottles to allow the silicone glue to cure. I have one of these in my master bath for 3 years without budging so it is a very strong hold."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a fun product to buy and it actually works well. If you are going to use this I would suggest applying the product liberally so that you do not have a thin layer but a nice thick one. I also suggest leaving this product on for longer than 10 minutes, maybe around 15 so that it really gets to dry. Before you apply the product pull back your hair because it can get a little annoying when the product gets stuck to your hair. I would also be mindful not to get any on your eyebrows cause it can get inbetween the little hairs.Once you remove the mask you'll find that your skin is nice and soft and less oily. It does remove dead skin but do not anticipate removal of blackheads. It also leaves you with a nice soothing/cooling sensation afterwards."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't know why they call this &#34;Plus Touch of Sun&#34; as I took that to mean it had self-tanner or bronzer in it - but it does nothing really for color. It's not a bad moisturizer at all- I just haven't found the 'touch of sun' in it. This may be because I tan easily and there isn't enough of a &#34;touch of Sun&#34;. In other words I find this no better than other moisturizers which don't promise as much as this one does but I still like it"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "As a body oil it's just fine.... I like to use a cap full in a bath. It makes my skin very soft. It will make your bathtub just disgusting though, you will have to clean it after.But the smell.... It's not my favorite to begin with, but it's ok. It's just SO strong!!!!! I give it 3 stars because it works well and does what it supposed to, but I actually don't use it. I can't handle the scent, or its strength of scent I guess."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought these for the mild acne on my chin and for convenience sake I mean, cleanser and exfoliater in one pad, plus great reviews AND a decent price, sounded great. Well, I used these at night for one week and these evil little pads ruined my face. I had and still have little red bumps all over my forehead and cheeks like my skin was burned off! I haven't used the pads in 2 days now, but my skin is still very dry, even peeling in some spots and the bumps are still there. Oh and my acne is still there too.No, I haven't changed anything else in my skincare routine either.I've NEVER had skin problems before, besides the above mentioned mild acne on my chin, so seeing red bumps all over my face was a little frightening. Hopefully they'll go away soon..I like Aveeno, I really do, so this is very disappointing, if I could give this zero stars I would."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Bought this to use at the pool. I like that it's thin. I would say the absorbency is the same as a regular thick towel (not moreso, but it's super thin so I'm still a fan). I have loads of long hair, and I still find this towel a bit too big. It's not quite big enough for a full body towel, so I wish it were smaller or bigger, and less in between. Thought about trying a hair turban, but I suspect they're not as user-friendly (especially for tons of hair) as they appear.But overall I'm pretty happy with it. Again, love the light, thiness. Perfect for the gym."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "For some reason or another I have problem skin. I used to use proactiv solution but my skin is way too sensitive for it. Then I used a litany of brand-name facial cleansing lines--but they were too expensive to maintain. I tried Stridex for a while but it just seemed to take my skin off. Nowadays I have stumbled upon the simplest solution (astringent). I wear lots of makeup throughout the day and if I don't remove all of it I tend to break out. I clean my face once a night with astringent, I put a little bit of lotion under my eyes and on any super dry areas, and then go to bed. Astringent, Lotion, Repeat."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this machine. Could I say anymore...I will. I like to keep my face clean, and steam is the easiest, safest and more effective way to do this. It really clears the pores and gets all the gunk out, while adding moisture to the skin, then I rinse with cool water and put on a mask and my skin is happy and clean. You can use it every day, or night and the results will be amazing.It works well for your sinuses too. I put this on my counter and lean over it, just don't wiggle it or hit it while it is on. It has been safe for me and heats up fast. I really love my machine.The brush was great, it worked well to cleanse before the steam, but it isn't waterproof and eventually broke."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought this to try because it seemed to have some good active ingredients at a fair price. Alas, as I already know, you get what you pay for. First, the smell is pretty off putting, but that's not the deal breaker for me. What I really dislike is the watery texture and how it seems to just sit on my skin in white streaks that don't seem to absorb so much as dry on the face. This just feels icky yo use before bed and it's definitely not right for under makeup. Once it finally dries, it does sort of tighten the skin, but leaves it feeling sort of tuggy, not soft and smooth.I am generously giving this 2 stars because at least it doesn't seem to cause any adverse reactions."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This avocado & oatmeal masque is super cheap and I know some people complain about the ingredients. People! You get what you pay, if you want something better, pay extra to get something fancy to suit your needs. This tube is big enough so this should last me longer than 6 months really since I use it maybe once a week.I like how this helped me a little with reducing the size of pores. My face feels fresh and tight after I use this. My only complains are that whenever I apply this on my face, it stings my eyes so much although I did not apply it close around the eyes either, just around cheek area. Overall, I like it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Ok, i love aveeno products but this is a total FAIL!! And a waste of $$ for that matter. I'm on a budget, and i was looking for something budget-friendly from a drug store. After all the hype about this product, i decided to give it a try. First of all, the scent was overbearing, too greasy, my skin is combination/oily, and this made it worse!! I was extremely oily all day even make-up didn't help. I also developed a rash on my T-zone. I'm a very patient person so i stuck with it for a month before dumping it! Started using St.ives and so happy with the results not to mention the price is 2 less for what i paid for this junk! Too bad i won't get my hard earned $$ back!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I got this because I have fine, wavy brunette hair that often frizzes.- I wanted something that will reduce fly-away hair- I wanted a way to style my hair super fast between washes and still look good.This does the trick.- Variable heat - great.- Tip stays cool so you can actually handle both ends.- Nibs on the brush stay cool while the barrel heats up so I don't burn my skull Ever anymore.- Super fast warm-up time.- I can use it to straighten my hair by just drawing the brush through my hair straight- I can use it to curl my hair by turning it while the hair is wrapped around it.It does risk tangling if you wrap long hair around it more than twice, so I try not to do that.All in all, I love this puppy.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have suffered from chronic consitpation my entire life. I am 65 yrs old. I have tried many different types of fiber supplements and I keep coming back to Konsyl Natural Fiber. I usually do ALL my shopping at Amazon.com because I am a prime member and the products work out to be cheaper than me going 20 miles one-way to the nearest store and then paying sales tax. However, this is the first product that is overpriced on Amazon. Walmat has this product for $13.  So I will buy there instead of here. My review should be that if you suffer from constipation, then this is a great working fiber that is almost taste free."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The trimmer arrived today.  We tried it out by having the wife cut my hair.  it trimmed it up nice and short.  The finishing trimmer appears pretty delicate, but I think if handled carefully it will provide a relatively long life.  Lots of cutter guides to use, theres even one for trimming eyebrows.  Or should I say \"eyebrow\", because if you need to trim it, you probably only have one covering both eyes.I am not to thrilled with the carry case.  Mine arrived cracked.  it appears to be pretty cheap plastic and there are no separators inside the case so everything will slide around.I gave it 4 stars because of the case.  It does appear to be a pretty good trimmer for a very inexpensive price.  I guess if I wanted extreme heavy duty and a great case I could have spent 5 times more money.  But I don't need to this time."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm a big fan of Queen Helene's masks for one particular reason: They're as effective as high end brands, and generally work. This mask in particular is great at evening your skin tone, and shrinking your pores if you use it regularly. I use it at least three times a week, and it makes my skin appear healthy and glowing. I'd also, recommend their other mask,Queen Helene Mint Julep Masque, 8 Ounce. It's an excellent mud mask, and its tingling sensation really makes me feel like it's deep cleaning."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've tried a lot of lip products, but this is the only one I rave about. The color really lasts a long time - like, I'll put it on in the morning and it will still look great at the end of the day. Like I can eat, kiss, drink, and I'm still the only one wearing lipstick. Like, I'll still be wearing lipstick after a shower.It doesn't get stiff or cakey, and I can just add some gloss to freshen it up. The only things I've noticed is that it doesn't work well with Burt's Bees or other waxy lip balms - it can get lumpy if you use chapstick over it.  Gloss seems to be fine. Also, it can be a P in the A to get off at the end of the night, so often I will look extra terrible in the morning if I'm too lazy to scrub at it."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is an excellent astringent, I had my doubts with products touting  \"oil eliminating\", \"oil free\" as they never seemed to work. This product does exactly what it's supposed to. The smell is similar to theNeutrogena Clear Pore Scruband it does not burn like some astringents do. I follow this with theNeutrogena Visibly Even Daily Moisturizer, SPF 30in the morning. I consider this product my \"holy grail\" in my skin care regimen. I kills the bacteria without killing my skin cells. It's an excellent product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I guess the coverage is ok, but I don't like the texture.  It doesn't feel creamy and glide on like I want it to.  It has a dry feel to it during application, but your skin doesn't look dry after you apply it.  As I'm applying it, it dries up too quickly, and then I have to get more from the bottle.  A little does not go a long way and I have to really rub to get it on.  It also looks streaky after I'm done.  It's hard to explain, but I just don't like it.  I prefer cover girl."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Helps with my breakouts!!! But not as a daily regimen!!! As it did tighten my skin and gave me dry skin around my mouth when I used it twice daily for a 3 days straight! However using this every other day with the body shop tea tree oil foaming cleanser and the aveeno daily detoxifying scrub, has worked wonders for my acne prone skin!When my acne is at its peak I use the aveeno clear foaming cleanser, the next day I use the aveeno daily detoxifying scrub and the day after the body shop tea tree oil foaming cleanser. I normally just wash my face in the shower with neutrogena ultra gentle daily cleanser every other day.I wear makeup 4 days out of the week for work and wash it off with this or the body shop tea tree oil foaming as soon as I get home. My skin has been flawless and would recommend my combination of products for anyone who has combo/sensitive skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Superior product. Should never be more than $5, do not get overcharged! Thick and concentrated, but not greasy. I apply 2x a day to my thighs and stomach to help improve my skin's stretching power. Also, I layer this over the Massage Lotion for Stretch Marks, as suggested. Smells good and moisturizes all night until I shower next morning. Make sure to apply when your skin is already moist,  otherwise will have no effect. Have gone through 4 tubes so far in my pregnancy. Highly recommend."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this stuff for years. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT ! It sets my foundation great.. & is even great without foundation & still has great coverage! I also use it for touch ups.. A LOT! It lasts quite awhile & doesn't feel heavy or cakey at all. I definitely recommend for someone who is looking for something that is JUST as good as high end powders! The only downside is the powder puff it comes with falls apart VERY easily. I bought my last compact just 3 weeks ago & its completely falling apart! But it's an easy fix because I just use my blush brush to apply it for touch ups. Just wish it came with a better quality puff. It's worth it though for the LOW PRICE! I just recommend tossing the puff & buying a better quality one that can be washed over & over or simply by using a powder/blush brush. Other than that I love this stuff!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have used conditioning sprays by dove, loreal (costs $9 a bottle!) and frizz ease. This stuff is by far the best and only $3 a bottle at the store. I haven't gotten my hair cut since FEB and it is now NOV and I dont' have any split ends. I use it on my son too because he gets \"crib head\" or whatever it is called where their hair is all nappy in the back from how they lay on it, even though he is 2. This is the best priced and best working spray. I use sulfate free shampoo, skip the conditioner and just use this. I have naturally curly hair if that makes a difference, it is a tiny bit coarse, it isn't thick or thin. This stuff doesn't weigh my hair down either or make it oily, I still only wash my hair every other day."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "So i was a bit skeptical about this product at first. I tried it for a whole week and let me tell you-brighten skin tone-acne going away-old acne scars fading-new acne scars fading-softnes-smoothnessI just dont really like the smell. I did a patch test as they said. It burns on acne marks alil but no harm just working.How I use it before I go to bed i apply a peas size that all. I even started using it for my toes knuckles they have gotten hard from last summer.. and its helping!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm 75 years old, and I've been applying this gel every night for the past five or six years.  There's no way of knowing if the wrinkles would be worse without it, but I think it's helping, and it feels so wonderful when I apply it before getting into bed at night.The jar doesn't hold too much, but you use very little with each application.  And the 2-Pack is more economical than buying one at a time at a retail store.A good product at a fair price."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used this since I was about 22, about 10 years ago.  I use it only nightly, as I find it too greasy for daytime wear.  When I use it faithfully at night, I find that no matter what I am using in the AM (now a clinique gel) that my skin is clearer and evener than when I don't use it.  The price is affordable here, and in general, compared to other lotions that are of good quality.  I have tried many more expensive products but this works the best to keep my skin clear, without drying it.  My skin is prone to dryness and redness and I use this along with the aveeno calming cleanser and I don't use anything else on my face at night."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This may work on dandruff but does not work on seborrhoeic dermatitis. They are different. Dandruff is a generic term and coal-tar active ingredient products like this one may work on the kind of dandruff that flakes.If you have an itchy scalp which does not shed but instead causes sores, you may have the already mentioned seborrhoeic dermatitis. The latter is caused by clogged oil glands. It often takes place if you don't shampoo frequently. That was the case with me. I shampooed only once a week because I did not want to ruin my expensive hair-color. The problem took several years to really develop before my doctor and I finally figured out what was wrong. What you need instead is a shampoo like the kind of Selsun Blue which contains selenium hydride."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have shoulder length thick hair, but the ends are brittle and break too easily due to consistent wear n tear from my heating tooks (hair dryer and flat iron used daily.) My stylist told me about this product but I didn't want to buy it from her because the product was marked up so much, so I went in search of it a year or two later. I found it at a local store more expensive than online, so I purchased it here.Wow o wow is my hair happy. My hair has a shine that wasn't there before, my hair seems stronger with the weekly use of the VO5 hot oil treatment and I'm having less issues with our humidity creating flyaways. My hair is noticeably softer to the touch, and easier to manage when I straighten. I'm no longer having to use the flat iron as long.Love love love this product. Buy it once, and I promise you'll want to keep buying."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I don't know what it is about AHA products but they all make me break out insanely. I thought maybe it was just the face wash so I tried the lotion because of all the amazing reviews but it was horrible. First, it doesn't blend well into the skin. Within two days of using it I have acne all over my face, blackheads and huge cysts. I definitely wouldn't recommend this to anyone who has acne. There are waaayy better products, like Bliss No Zit Sherlock.Edit: I had 2 people say this review was \"unhelpful\" so maybe I should clarify. I DO NOT have sensitive skin at all, I've never had a rash or any type of allergic reaction to a face product before. Maybe this is an allergic reaction, there's a first time for everything! Personally, I just think this product is not good for people who have acne, but it could just be me."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Doesn't heat up enough.  I had it on my hair for 20 seconds without it feeling hot to the touch, on the highest setting.The on/off buttons are in the way and I turned it off by mistake at least 3 times just trying to curl the front of my hair, before I gave up and used another iron.I did get a cute curl once, but it went away by the time I did the next strand.  I knew I hated Revlon curlers, but this was the biggest one I could find at the store.  Hopefully the store will take the curling iron back unwrapped."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I use this both night AND morning and have never experienced a break out, rash, or any such thing. I used to use Clinique oil-free \"moisture in control\" because I would frequently break out. While I didn't break out after using it, my skin didn't feel moisturized, and after turning 40 that is key. I've been using Neutrogena Light Night Cream for over a year and love that it also contains few ingredients, no fragrance and NO sunscreen. Personally I don't like the idea of rubbing sunscreen into my face every morning, especially when I don't spend much time outside during the day. So I recommend giving this a try for both morning and night applications for sensitive skin. It makes my skin soft and moisturized but never greasy feeling. I use this in conjunction with Regenerist for sensitive skin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I asked my husband to go out and get me a curling iron with a fat barrel and this is what he got me. It has a large barrel, it heats up extremely quickly, and it has automatic shut-off. Those are some definite pluses, but there are a few things that bother me. The barrel is short compared to my other curling irons. The stand gets in the way, though I can fold it back; and the the way the handle is designed, it's not comfortable to hold. I accidentally change the heat settings just trying to curl my bangs.It works, but all the little details make this my least desirable curling iron of all time."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My hair get's a REALLY ugly red in the summer when I'm in the Sun. I have to use an Ash Color This toned it down a lot. I had to do my end's for 10 minutes and then all over for another 15-20. My hair tend's to not dye evenly if I don't do it this way. Even when I pay A TON of Money at Salon's. I'm very happy with this color. I have been dying my hair for 30 year's and  have tried almost every color. I used to use Feria, but I'm sold on this now!!!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "my poor hands, cracked, peeling, painful, terrible hangnails, cracked nails, painful skin. this cures all of it in like a day. it's just like all the other reviews say. i garden and do a lot of housechores (we're poor as dirt so i'm always cleaning) and this is the only thing that's ever worked. i actually love the smell. and it rubs in super quickly, or perhaps it's my hands that suck it up so fast... either way i use it every day. i lost my last jar and had to replace it as i was in hell without it. thank you badger balm."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is more thin than I thought it would be. I guess I was expecting Pond's thickness, but I didn't want to buy Ponds which is a little greasy for me. Hydra Renewal smells so nice and feels good going on. It doesn't go on oily and soaks into my skin well. I have no problems using it on my face, around my eyes and neck area. I have had no problems applying sunscreen directly after and didn't end up with a greasy mess on my face.  I like the price, too, which is affordable. This product is available at Walmart, as well."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I just brought this product yesterday at Walgreens for $4.29 and I love it. It smells great, it's a little sticky but it works. When I opened the top I wasn't expecting a clear gel like substance, I was a little hesitant at first but I followed the directions. It will dry fast so smooth it over your face fast and wait about 20 minutes and peel it off and then wash your face. 5-10 minutes is not long enough in my opinion and make sure to not put it on your eyebrows or sideburns because when your peeling it off it will be very hard to get it off your hair. If you do run into this problem do not panic just simply wash it off your face with warm water. Your face will be left feeling smooth and smelling great. The bumps on my face are smaller but not as noticeable but I will continue to use this product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "On my doctor's advice I started using Cetaphil products. I absolutely love the moisturizing cream as it seems to really sink into the skin and moisturize it. I always apply this cream before going to sleep at night followed up by an application the following day. During particularly dry seasons, I may apply this cream several times a day.This stuff really works. I suffer from very dry skin and Atopic Dermatitis. Applying the Cetaphil cream seems to help alleviate these skin conditions. What is really nice is the skin cream is unscented. Sensitive skin, like mine, can be irritated by perfumed lotions.Highly reommend."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Well, you've no doubt heard from some other reviewers that cetaphil's moisturizing lotion formula is greasy so I won't beat that into the ground. It does bother me that a product with the 'lightweight' and 'non-greasy' monikers does not live up to expectations. However, if you put a very very small amount of water into the bottle (several drops), just enough to curtail the thick viscosity, you should be fine.Aside from that the product does the job. If you are looking for a non-comodegenic, hypo-allergenic product then this is for you. If you are also looking for an oil-free product, then this is not for you."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've been using this lip color for many years. I like the raspberry shade of pink, the ease of application, the long-lasting color that rarely needs a touch-up. It stays &#34;put&#34; and doesn't run into those lip creases we develop as we age.  My only complaint would be the frequency with which I have to buy the tubes.  Using daily, the color side of the tube honestly doesn't last more than 30-40 days for me.  I always end up with the clear gloss side being more than half full when the color side is empty.  I think more lip color could be gotten from the tube if the applicator was as long as the tube of color.  I always think there is more product at the bottom that I just can't get to with the provided applicator."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Okay, I observed my wife and my brother use this product upon the effusive recommendation of my sister-in-law.My sister-in-law and my wife have basically perfect skin, rarely a pimple ever forms for them.  My brother also uses this product to great effect as well, which I have observed over the past year.  My wife uses this as a routine facial cleanser, then she applies moisturizer after she's done.  She does not get irritated skin.Personally, I think a lot of commercial cosmetic products are super expensive, over rated items that take advantage of the \"newest fad\". -- Okay, off the soapbox.  This particular Neutrogena product seems to be different."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "As someone who has battled acne in the past and still gets occasional breakouts, I learned over time that the beauty companies will keep coming out with their new facial cleaners that are supposed to do some new thing that all the other previous facial cleansers didn't do. The cleansers that were advertised as for acne always made my acne worse, especially if they had salicylic acid. This is a basic facial cleanser that does everything you need. Personally I don't want to wash my face every single day with a cleanser full of chemicals. The 6 ounce bar of this is a great value and lasts a long time. The only thing to be careful about with this bar is that it can be a little drying. Make sure you don't use too much, and I always use a moisturizer. I use once a day before bed."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Some years ago, I saw that an independent testing lab had rated Olay as the most effective at achieving visible results and had bested competing products costing multiple times as much.  I bought some and was very pleased with the results. This Total Effects Night Treatment was a new product that I wanted to try, and it's difficult not to sound like a contrived television commercial at how impressed I am.  It's nothing short of remarkable how smooth and nourishing it is to my middle age skin, with no irritation or oiliness.  After finishing my first jar and not being able to find it at my local grocery store, I opted for a heavily advertised competing product that they did have. Big mistake and I actually had to return it after just a few days for the disturbing irritation it caused to my skin. Everyone's skin, of course, has it's own sensitivity and chemistry, but for me at least, I can't recommend this highly enough. It does what it says and at a very reasonable price."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The thought of cutting my hair is beyond consideration but two little Yorkies just love this set.  The main reason is that is is quiet and effective.  Those, to me, are the operative words:  quiet and effective.  When you turn the clipper on it makes a humming noise instead of a loud \"I'm going to get you\" sound.  Then when you start cutting small animal hair you actually cut it without pulling or leaving gapping holes in their fur.  Maintenance is easy and with all the tools you could almost go into business but I'll pass on that.  Additionally, you have the Wahl brand and that makes a positive difference."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Smell is so subjective it seems that it may not be a valid review point. One person may love the smell of something and another person hate it. That being said, I like the smell of the citrus body wash. It has a faint scent of oranges and is sweet. It doesn't dry out my skin as much as other soaps do. It makes mounds of lather, so a little goes a long way. The ingredients listed on the product page are incorrect; it does not contain lauryl or laureth sulfates."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Men...if you have large pores that get clogged up this is for you.  I started using this two months ago.  It will keep your pores clean and open.  After just one month I found that the pores on my nose were staying open and actually seemed to be slowly diminishing in size.  I have this as one of my many subscribe and save items... so I know it will be a good price and I know it will arrive with all my other sub/saves on the 1st of every month."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "When I am in the mood, I mix one hot oil treatment tube with an equal amount of olive oil and some Aussie three minute miracle deep conditioner. Then, I heat it just a tad in the microwave for an intensive \"conditioning pack\" treatment.Once you have this all on your hair, you cover it up and then you can use a blowdryer to heat up your hair to let it all absorb nicely.Or, as I recently found out, you can just go get the Frizz-Ease Smooth Start Shampoo and the Defrizzing Conditioner and you will be thanking me for telling you about it! ;)Realistically, you need both. You need the deep conditioning treatments and the daily shampoo/conditioner miracle of Frizz-Ease. Bless them.~The Rebecca Review"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a nice alternative to the oily sunblocks out there on the market. Sure, it doesn't have the scent of coconut oil, but some of us are allergic to that anyway.So, this is a nice sunblock for us sensitive skin types and it is oil-free and non-irritating, not to mention non-comedogenic. Basically, you can use this on your face and it won't block your pores.This cream seems really rich and creamy and then suddenly it just disappears into your skin and feels very light and not oily.Highly recommended for when you are out and about in the sun this summer!~The Rebecca Review"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This is a fantastic product! I cannot wash my hair without it.  I am so used to this towel sucking up all the extra water that when I just use a normal bath towel it actually feels weird to have all the excess water in my hair.  This also cuts down on a lot of blowdryer time too. I have fine, medium length hair and this works fantastic for me.  I highly, highly recommend this for anyone who wants to save time on drying their hair in the morning and get out of the door faster."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "If you are looking for a peeling mask this one is pretty good.  It dries fast and you can get a good peel with it - all in one sheet. It seems to help to control my sons acne a little.I made the mistake of after the mask, using a blackhead tool and clearing out anything that came to the surface --- well everything came out easily but he was left with a face full of red marks and scabs for like a week, so I felt terrible. It draws everything to the surface and leaves the skin extra soft and sensitive and more easy to tear and damage.So I'd recommend just using the mask - and not picking after! I've used it several times without picking and it's been fine."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I picked the 3.5 oz (100g) tube of this product off the supermarket shelf for silly reasons: it was bigger than most hand creams there but it was small enough to fit into my purse.After using it for a few days, I noticed that my hands and especially fingers felt soft and slightly slippery even after rinsing with water. I happen to read the text on the back of the packaging: the second of a list of 4 bullets said \"Lasts through hand washing.\" Of course, if you use strong soap and really scrub, you do have to re-apply the lotion afterwards, but I noticed that even after washing out a glass using dish detergent, my fingers still felt somewhat moisturized. I do apply more lotion but I don't 'have to' every time."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I used the cool medium brown color and it's awful! I have medium brown hair and always use a medium ash brown color on it. That usually takes it 1-2 shades darker than my natural color. I thought Feria looked interesting because of the highlights. Well, it's trashed my hair. My roots are oddly lighter than the rest of my hair (lighter than my natural color)and the grey hairs didn't take the color AT ALL! So, now I have this weird looking hair color AND still have greys. I'll never use this hair color again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "First of all, it does pull out stuff from your pores, bet very little bit. Just to explain: if you use strips on your nose (I think most of the girls know what strips I talk about), then you pull it out, you see some pore stuff left on the strip, but most of pores still not cleaned. So this mask working much less than strips for nose. It takes some stuff out, but its nothing, doesn't make sense to use.I couldn't find some good pore cleaner, until I try proactiv. Even if you have no pimples, try to buy just a cleanser from proactiv (the first one from regular kit), it's like a scrub, but it's first scrub in my life that really clean pores instead of scratching skin. So, put the scrab on DRY face, scrab it all for minute, especially your nose. After 2-3 use your pores will be clean. I promise."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have really thick, hard to curl, dry, asian hair. This iron did not work for me at all.  The iron did not get hot enough to do anything. I guess it would work if I did small one-inch sections, but I have so much hair, it's just not worth the time.  The waves it did create were fizzy and ugly.My friend, who has thin hair, uses this iron all the time and it works great.I recommend the Hot Tools Deep Waver.  It worked a lot better on my hair and created well defined waves."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used this product for several years, and I love it. It smalles wonderful, it rinses clean, unlike some other body washes that I've used that leave residue. It's also not too drying, which is good, because my skin dries out really easily.During the summer, though, I tend to get blemishes on my shoulders and chest, and I've switched to the Neutrogena Body Scrub, which I find deals with acne a little better. It comes in an identical bottle to this, and has some exfoliating beads in it as well. If you don't have to wory about bodily acne, this is a great product."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I worked in cosmetic ingredient sales for several years meaning I sold the ingredients directly to large manufacturers and worked with the scientists.I learned much and try to share it.It's rare to find so many natural and beneficial ingrdients in a soap or face wash. This is a cleanser for oily skin according to the bottle front but it actually is surprisingly mild and non-drying. But the big bonus for me is the tea tree. This is a natural antiseptic and blemish cure yet having to dilute a bottle of it and then apply that mixture to skin isn't all that convenient. This does it for you so you not only have cleaner hands, but better skin on your face as well.How can it clean the skin with an antiseptic without drying it? It also contains olive oil, another great skin helper. So between the two you are cleaning, removing bacteria, as well as moisturizing.I have very sensitive skin and have had great results with this cleanser."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this hair curler set. I have purchased two of them now, one for each daughter. Both have long, thick hair and we find that it does an excellent job of providing just the right amount of curl for those occasions when you need it. It takes just a few minutes to heat up and the soft velvet lining on the rods make it less damaging to hair.The only thing I always hate is the clips! Even though there is a small case to hold them, sometimes they get lost!  Replacement clip sets would be much appreciated. I think the curler set contains just the right number of each size of roller -- even better though would be to have two ore large ones!!Recommended."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This little hair dryer really does the trick! I will admit for those with a thick head of hair this may not be the best option, but for me, with my long, thin and falling out hair its perfect. It doesn't get SUPER hot which is good because my hair is easily damaged so having a hair dryer that does not scorch my hair is a plus. I have not owned a hair dryer for the last 10 years but I was told that by blow drying my hair it will help natural oils come out that air drying doesn't release and so far I am very happy with the product. It comes with a diffuser and other small attachment as well. I love it!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I know there are some very long reviews about these. Here are my suggestions:1) watch the Youtube video and read other blogs/reviews on how to put them in. I had success my first time using and I think the extra research helped.2) I do feel pressure; it isn't true for me that you don't feel anything. I don't seem to have any extra cramping or discomfort other then feeling pressure in my lower, lower abdominal area though.3) I suggest taking these out in the shower if you can or follow the directions about using a medical glove so you have something to put it in to throw it away.I bought these mainly to use for intimacy during that time of the month and for that purpose these have worked great. I don't use these exclusively and still use tampons/pads as well. My partner has been thrilled with the results."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've only been using the product for a week morning and night and can say that it works for its intended purpose that I got it for. Within two days I saw drastically reduced puffiness and after four the dark circles were diminished enough that I felt okay without makeup to cover my severe dark circles.Granted, they are still there a little, but it has only been a week. All in all, I say it works pretty well considering I didn't really have high expectations at all. I'll wait and see if it holds up over time.I don't have any wrinkles around my eyes yet so I can't speak for that part, but maybe it'll help keep them away."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this color regularly for 4 years. I love it.It's a very bright carrot-y color at first, but as it fades it becomes a very natural red. I have seen many surprised reactions when I tell people that I am not a natural red head.This is the ONLY brand that I will buy an orange-y red from. It's the only brand with the vibrancy I want.TIPS:-when dying your hair red spray windex on anything you accidentally get hair dye on (it'll come off near immediately)-DO NOT wash your hair for 3-4 days after dying your hair red (it helps lock the color in)-DO NOT use shampoos with sulfate in them (they cause the color to fade extremely quickly)-depending on how much it fades and how long it's been you may have to completely redye your hair instead of touching up on it because of the color difference between when you first dye it and when it fadesGood luck!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "My mom started using this product and has been \"addicted\" to it ever since. She uses it when her hands are dry any time of the year. I was a little skeptical of this \"miracle cure\" (as said by my mom), but when I tried it out I must say that I was pretty impressed. My dry skin went from being rough and ,well, dry to smooth and moist (but not too moist . .just enough to feel nice). The only problem I had with this hand cream was that it was very thick and it made my hands very sticky/slippery for quite some time . .a longer time than most lotions/hand creams. . .But, after it dried out some, everything was cool . .."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Thank you Amazon for finding an importer for this makeup.  When Max Factor stopped selling in the US, I was devastated.  I then found it at another place online, but they stopped carrying it too.  I hope this vendor will continue the relationship with Amazon.This makeup is creamy, covers well, and comes in a variety of shades to blend with almost any skin tone.  And it is a lasting makeup.  I get several month's use from each tube.  I also love this makeup, because I no longer have to worry about spills when I travel.  It's not magic, but it will cover those flaws and blemishes, of which I have far too many.  It doesn't cake or look garish.  What else can you say?  It works!It is expensive, since it has to be imported, but it is worth the cost to me to.  I love using it that much."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "First of all, thank you to all the other reviewers who persuaded me to give the Norwegian Formula Hand Cream a try! I can't remember the last time my hands were this soft... if ever.It took a little less than 7 days of regular use to smooth my rough, winter skin and now my hands are soft all the time and that includes after washing dishes.  There is no scent so the men in the household also did not mind giving it a try. I would recommend this product to anyone who suffers from chronically dry, rough hands and probably will never buy another brand of hand cream again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have natural tightly coiled African hair and have tried other hot oils included pure olive oil but wasn't satisfied with the result. I heard about using VO5 from natural hair forums and thought I'd give it a try. While using it in the shower I wasn't particularly impressed, but once my hair dried, I must say I was happy with the result. My very very tight coils were actually loosened quite a bit and hung down to my shoulder....with a lot of bounce. I will defiantly be using this product again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have nothing bad to say about this product. It leaves your skin soft, healthy, moisturized,not greasy and with a very light scent of sunblock.I've been out in the sun a lot since I bought this product and I have yet to get a sunburn on my face even when the rest of my body gets sunburnt(have yet to find a good body moisturizer with SPF).And to make it even better, a little of this product goes a longggg way. The thin consistancy of the product makes it so I need just one small squirt to cover my face and neck, making the bottle last a long time which saves money :)My search for a facial moisturizer with SPF has come to an end with this product :) I love it :)"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The color is pretty, but no where near the color on the box.  It is a mahogany/red color.  Much deeper and quite red.  There is NO gold.  I am disappointed with how dark and how red the color is.  The grey covered very well (which is why it gets 2 stars instead of 1).  I don't really like the formulation -- the gel colorant is quite drippy. I also like that it only takes 25 minutes to process.  I might try it again if I had confidence about the color choice."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I absolutely love this product!  Finally, a tinted moisturizer that actually has some coverage to it.  I would definitely say this falls more into the BB cream category without all of the marketing gimmicks.  I use this as my daily makeup, use some color correcting concealer if needed, and set with a translucent powder.  I love that it is actually light enough for me, but be aware that there is nothing medium about this product, unless you are in the middle of the fair skin tones.  I love that the product helps even out skin tone & has SPF 30.  This product is 14.99 at my local Target so be sure to price compare!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It's okay. It moisturizes. It feels a bit oily but that might just be my skin. It is light which I like. Also, I like the bottle because one pump is exactly how much I need. However, it smells like a sunscreen. Also, It looks and feels like a sunscreen to some extent. It is not a real problem, but I don't especially like it particularly because, like sunscreen, it leaves your face tinted white before it settles it . I'll probably try something different when I'm done with these two bottles. The only good thing about the sunscreen likeness is that it is SPF 30 which is really good, however; I'm not sure whether I should reapply it after 2 hours of being in the sun like most sunscreens or just leave it. I wouldn't recommend it unless you're looking for a sunscreen."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This lotion in okay, not greasy, not very moisturising either.I bought it after reading the benefits of including glycolic acid in my skin care regimen, it was intended for my face. I have not used it for that long on my face, as I use Tretinoin most evenings. When I did use it, it was somewhat sticky, stung a bit, and I did not notice much in terms of effect or benefit from it. I did not break out, but it did not help with the acne and other sundry bumps on my face.However, I had these small bumps, in the fold behind my knees. I read on Amazon that this lotion could help, and indeed it has, within about 5 days the area has been completely cleared of the bumps.I will continue to use it all over my body, and face, whenever I am taking a break from Tretinoin."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "The Aquis Microfiber Hair Towel is very absorbant and soaks up water in a jiffy.  The towel is big enough to wrap around very long hair and is shaped longer lengthwise to make a turbin if desired.  Hair dries much quicker with the use of this towel.  I see only one drawback, and that is the towel is sort of smooth and a little bit slippery, which takes some practice to get it to stay on your head.  This is the only towel I reach for now after washing my hair and makes for less drying time with the hair dryer. Worth the price and a good investment for those of us with longer hair."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "this one happens to be my least favorite. it has an extremely pungent alcohol smell to the point that it will have your eyes watering. applying it to the skin is like applying very, very thick honey. on the plus side, it is EXTREMELY cooling and invigorating as it is drying. i also enjoy peeling it off and find that the majority of it does come off in one piece, but some glue-like remnants sometimes get stuck to my eyebrows and that is not fun to scrape off. i most likely will not be buying this product again. i recommend sticking to the clay masks that freeman has to offer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Searching for ways to stop break outs i decided to give this product a try. It has a strong smell of peppermint and it makes your skin feel tighter after use. It helped stop my break outs and clear them up. Although it is only 1 oz a finger tip amount will cover your entire face. The product lasted me about 2 months. I decided to use tea tree oil instead just because this product is so high priced but you do get what you pay for, all organic ingredients. Organic is never cheap."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Reasonably priced skin cream that can go on under makeup for daywear and apply liberally at night.  I have been using this for years and it does softens skin in an extra rich texture that has a pleasing and recognizable scent.Since I am allergic to lanolin and have had sensitive skin my whole life I first checked the ingredients on the back of the jar and found this is not listed.There is also no sticky feeling left on your hands or face after applying and no tightness present on the face. It feels so silky when applied after I have come inside from a hot day, relief in a small jar that can be applied over face and throat. I have noticed a big difference in how my face looks since I first started using Pond's Dry Skin Cream."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I like the ombre look. So i decided to try this after all of the tutorials Ive watched.Long story short, I think this look is okay.....Its definitely looks better with your hair curled, like a light wavy....But thats just my opinion....Its a very nice product, everything you need is right there in the box.You can achieve any look with this.i will say my first time, my hair did turn brassy copper color.But i bought a second box by accident and re did my color, and its a nice honey blonde....."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "waaaaay awesome that you can use during intercourse. the boyfriend doesn't like it so much for his purposes, but other lovers haven't seemed to notice or mind. easy to clean and toss... i feel a bit guilty about the waste, but mother nature can suck it. we gotta deal with this bleeding, she can deal with my polluting. i make up for it in every other way anyway; i don't even use makeup remover wipes! no bleached cotton growing bacteria all day, no changing every 4 hours, no drippy pee string, no dirty silicone cup to boil, no feeling it at all, no fuss at all, really."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I am always searching for a foundation suited for my olive skintone. This color was perfect in caramel beige and for my type of skin , Dry with oily t zone. I was so shock to find a foundation which covers minimizes my  discoloration on my cheeks and makes my skin look so much better. I was so happy ordered several more for not to run out. Thank you Amazon for carrying this product.The product is medium coverage , applied it in sections and don't need that much, this gives a better coverage to your face. Please use a light hand on application. I notice some women like to rub in their foundation like lotion. A big no , no.Thank you ,Native Rose"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this mascara.  I have been using it ever since Sarah-Michelle Gellar first hocked in 2000(?).  A friend of mine was in to Buffy the Vampire Slayer and soon, so was I.  I think Gellar is gorgeous, even though she's got an odd nose, and while she was Maybelline's spokesmodel, I tried just about anything she modeled.  This was the one product that has been faithful.  It goes on nicely, builds well, doesn't clump or make my lashes feel crispy.  I have tried many higher end mascaras (via Sephora's trial-sized mascara kit) and always come back to this.  I hope they never discontinue it or &#34;improve&#34; the formula."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I love this thing!  It heats up in seconds yet its gentle to hair, it gives it shine and smooths the follicles, gives texture, bounce, and shape to lifeless hair.  This thing is the bomb.com!  I must have crawled under a rock because I have never seen this tool before and I sure wish I had!  It would saved me from one too many bad haircuts!  I love it and it came earlier than expected too! I was like a kid in Christmas opening up a special gift!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought a bottle of this a few years ago and it had tea tree in it and it was absolutely amazing stuff and really great for my itchy scalp. My hair never looked better. Now, they've replaced the tea tree with aloe and it now has a better pina colada type smell. Delicious, summery smell, by the way. Without the tea tree, the product is not as good as it used to be, but I will continue using it because the ingredient list is top notch and the smell is so yummy. There's really no need to spend more money buying salon products when you can get stuff that's just as good or better for a fraction of the cost. One bottle of this is $2.50 at my local Wal-mart. You can't beat that!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "This product not only smells amazing but lathers up extremely well.  I do not need any water to get the lather going and it soaps up my face nicely.  The disks are a generous size and if you were frugal you certainly could snip them in half and get double duty out of them.  I feel that I am more apt to cleaning my face at night when I have the cleaner ready for me.  One side of the disk is smooth and the other side has more of a texture to allow deeper penetration of your pours. My face looks bright and clean!  I was on facetime with my mom and she had commented out radiant my skin looked as I just got done washing it.  I will be picking up more of these when I run out!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been wanting to try a menstrual cup out but was hesitant. I decided to try these rather than the diva cup or reusable ones. I like the fact I can just throw it away. I was surprised I actually like this product!When inserting push back and down not up. I have not had a leak with this technique. I have not had any issues with it coming out. If you bear down too hard it might come out though. I put the garbage can right in front of me when taking the cup out. I really don't think it's messy at all. I pull it out slowly and am careful not to spill. You will obviously get blood on your fingers but you could put gloves on if it bothers you. I have not tried taking out or inserting a new cup in a public restroom. I would rather do this at home. It is really nice not having to worry about changing a tampon all the time!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "There's a reason why these guys have been around for years.  Their quality and price have made them the best value there is for cotton swabs.  They do the job, however interesting that that may be, and come back for more.  They're indispensable if you have a baby or young children, but they grow with you into adulthood as well.  There's some things you shouldn't buy the generic and this is one of them.  They've been around for years and for good reason - they're great!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I needed a 1/2 inch curling iron and this one works just fine for my needs.  I have one of the same model in the one inch and I liked it, so ordered the same model in the smaller size.  I like that it turns itself off after a certain period of time because I often forget to do so.  I also like that you can adjust the heat or strength of curl.  I have had many Conair products over the years and have been satisfied with all of them."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Bought this product at walmart for $10...  waste of money!!  I am mosltly platinum and had a few yellow tones and brassy streaks that I wanted toned out..  I've used feria before but just the darker brown colors.  It did tone out the yellow.. not so much the brass though....  the damage is horrid!!  It feels like it did the first day a bleached it from black..  save your money and your hair and go to sally's and get a quality lightening cream."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have been using this for a few weeks now.  I'm not noticing too much in the &#34;firming&#34; department yet, however I like the cream a lot.  I have very sensitive skin and this does not bother or irritate it at all.  The smell is pleasant and the cream goes on smooth.  I wake up &#34;fresh-faced&#34; without an oily sheen as I've expreienced using other night creams.  I'll keep watching on the &#34;firming&#34;, but I will definitely purchase this again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I use this toner every night after I wash my face.  I've been using it for several months now and I see such a difference in my skin.  My pores look smaller and my skin even looks a little less red!  My skin is clearer and just looks brighter. My skin is more on the dry side and I don't find this toner drying at all.  I always moisturize after the toner had completely soaked into my skin and it's worked well for me.  My skin is also on the sensitive side and this hasn't irritated my skin at all.  As soon as I run out, I will purchase this product again, because I love it so much!"}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have suspicions that this  may be a counterfeit.  I purchased this because it was rated so high.  After washing and drying my face, my face starts to burn.  I then have to rush and put moisturizer on my face as quick as possible to avoid/eliminate the burning.  I have also noticed some dry patches on my face since beginning to use this.  Finally, my face burns during the day if I happened to sweat outside.All three of these experiences are new to me.  I have never experienced any of these things with any other cleanser."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I have tried facial creams priced from 200 dollars to 4.99!  Aveeno is the very best without question.  It hydrates, smooths, lightens dark areas, and is never greasy.  Just try it once ~  you wont regret it!NOTE:  I recently discovered I have a wheat intolerance.  SOME, not all, Aveeno product use wheat and oats.  Even on my skin, I had problems with reactions.  If you do not have wheat issue...  The Aveeno line is excellent in both results and social responsibility."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I dug this stuff out from under my cabinet...I had vowed never to use Clean and Clear again after my disaster breakout with the blackhead cleanser. But since this had no beads to irritate my skin, I decided to give it a try and it really worked!! 2 days after putting it on once or twice daily, I could see breakouts that were starting to come had faded, and my blackheads were actually disappearing from my nose! There's a little bit of a stingy feeling, and if you get it in your eyes it hurts like a bitch, and your face is pretty red afterward, I'm assuming from the chemical contents. But it makes your skin smooth as a baby's bottom if you use it everyday, so your skin has a daily regimen and can fight breakouts. I highly recommend and will be back to buy more&lt;3 I'm a 15 year old girl if that helps."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I'm used to using \"kiss my face tinted moisturizer\" which I thought was alittle cakey but I loved the coverage with a little moisturizer added to it. This Aveeno product doesn't seem so cakey to me.  It actually has less coverage then I'm used to and bc it's \"radiant\" has a bit of sheen, which I'm not used to and actually don't really like.  It would prob. be nice for going to the beach, to the lake or for other active outdoor activities, but not something I want to wear to church or to a nice function (which is usually when I want to add some tint).  I won't buy this again, but will be shopping around for something without sheen, as the kiss my face tinted moisturizer has been discontinued."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I like the size of the barrel on this iron and I like the results I got with it.  However the design of the kickstand and its location are horrible and unsafe.When you heat the iron up on the higher settings the kickstand gets very, very hot and it's very difficult to use the iron without touching that kickstand because of where it's located.  I burned my hand on it while holding the iron and then I burned my face with the kickstand while curing my hair.I'm not at all happy with this product and I'm returning it after using it only twice."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I was so hopeful about these. I wanted an alternative to tampons that was healthy and environmentally-friendly (and cheaper!) So I was excited to try them. But it wasn't at all what I was expecting. I don't want to get into vivid details. But basically, I was not warned that this would be such a MESSY ordeal. Not to mention it's not at all convenient. I do not want to leave it in for too long, because if I do, I know it's not absorbing any fluid, so I worry about leakage, or the horrible mess that it will make all over my hands when I try to take it out. GROSS! Also, the thing itself is absolutely huge. I imagine most people would look at it and be terrified to try to put it in their bodies. I believe there was a reason tampons became so much more popular than these methods. Sorry, but I've got to switch back."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "It helped made my pores smaller and make my face looked more clean. The mask does really dries out my face so I would have to use a good amount of moisturizer after. Another con is that it leaves a weird smell. It lingers for a couple of hours but you get use to it. I would recommend this mask to anyone who wants to have a clearer face and would use it maybe once per 1-2 weeks depending on how dry your skin easily gets. My skin is combination and once per week is enough for me. I don't really use it frequently as before now because it takes a while to squeeze it out of the tube and slather over your face evenly."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I bought a similar type of dispenser back in 1995, when I was outfitting my new apartment. Perhaps that was the Dispenser Classic I. That one lasted 11 years without a problem and I threw it out only because it looked old and I was moving. Flash forward to 2011. I decided to buy one for my condo. A day or two after I put in the bottles, I noticed shampoo from the dispenser dripping onto the faucet. It turns out that one of the bottles had a hairline crack in it. It was tiny but enough to cause a serious leak. I examined the bottles closely and realized how thin and cheap the plastic containers really are. Unbelievable. Now I have to decide whether to use Crazy Glue or go through the hassle of emptying the two other containers and sending the whole thing back to Amazon for a refund. If this is the Classic III, I wonder how bad IV will be. I'd be hesitate to order this again."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I can't believe that I find an acne cream that actually works!! I don't even remember how many creams, lotions etc.  I tried over the years until now for adult acne. This is the first time I really see some result and I even don't use it regularly. If you put it on at night you'll see the effect the next morning. Even if the blemishes don't completely go away the next day, they reduce down in size. It helps with the redness and the pain. I have a very sensitive skin and this doesn't dry out my skin. The only minor issue is that I don't think it is completely vanishing. Some white residue still stays but it is manageable. Overall very gentle yet powerful cream. Definitely recommended."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "Honestly, I couldn't tell if this cream was working or not. Yes my stretch marks faded, but it could have been them naturally fading over time. Regardless, it didn't hurt to go ahead and use the bottle up. After a while I didn't see any difference so I just stopped using it. I've also heard rumors that cocoa/shea butter has no proven affect on stretch marks. Perhaps IF I ever get stretch marks again I would re-try this product. It has a nice, subtle smell and it is very creamy. Not too thick, not too thin. It takes about 5-10 minutes to dry but it will definitely make your skin softer."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "I've used this for several years now, probably bordering 6 years. The formula hasn't changed and if it did, I have felt no difference. For the price, this is amazing stuff. You can almost feel the crap being taken out of your pores. When you first apply it, there's a nice tingly, non-painful minty feeling.I use this as both a cleanser and a mask. Works fine either way. My only suggestion is that they find some way for the mask to roll off smoother. I would pay double for that. Right now, using it as a mask and washing it off is a pain."}
{"label": 4, "raw": "True to its name, this curling iron heats up fast (literally 1-2 minutes), and a blinking light turns solid when it's at temperature and ready to use. It gets extremely hot -- settings range from 1 to 25 and even a \"5\" is too hot to touch; I've used it at \"13\" for several months now with great results. Its clamp holds hair securely but doesn't snag hairs in the hinge. A sturdy wire foot and a plastic tip keep the hot barrel off the countertop. It has an on/off button and will automatically turn itself off (but not until it's left untouched for about an hour). The iron cools in the usual amount of time (touchable in 5-10 minutes, completely cool in 15+ minutes).I mostly use the 3/4-inch model -- but, with my very short hair, I also use the1/2-inch modelduring the first week or so after I've had a haircut. Highly recommended -- they're the best curling irons I've ever used."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Herman Wouk's tale is a huge masterpiece: sweeping in terms of plot, character, and history. His knowledge of WWII is staggering; years of research are evident in the story. He also has the rare gift of literary poetry, with imaginative similes rolling off the storyteller's pen. The one very slight fault is that the occasional letters or diaries lose a bit of their authentic voice; most people, even creative geniuses, don't pen such cleverly Shakespearian notes to their loved ones. Otherwise, this is a moving and satisfying drama about one of the globe's great tragic conflicts. NOTE: I read a hard copy, not the much-aligned Kindle version."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I picked this book up by chance at the bookstore. I was interested at once in the subject and the characters. I know nothing about the circus and was captivated by the descriptions of depression era circuses. This was all new territory for me and to find out in the notes at the end that all this information was based on fact was exciting.I loved having each chapter start with a picture from the Ringling Brothers circus archives. I wasso happy at the ending, I truly did not see it coming. Such a feel good story. I have recommended it to many of my friends, including my book club. Try it, you will like it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Really...I'm old enough to remember when this was first published! Maybe I should be grateful that I read it at a mature age, I probably appreciated it more. The Winds of War and War and Rememberance (which I also read and give 5 stars to) are the story of a fictional American family, a Navy family, and their lives during the run up to WWII and during the war itself. I have read a great deal about WWII, both fiction and non fiction, and this is a great work. The narrative is beautiful, the characters are written with great depth and insight (male and female, civilian and military alike) and the story spans the entire globe. There isn't a dull moment.What is amazing about the story is how well the personal trials and tribulations of the Henry clan are woven into the world history that is unfolding. Joy, love, death, betrayal, and all of it beautifully told.Wouk is a brilliant writer and a wonderful story teller."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "WATER for ELEPHANTS was a quick and mostly enjoyable read for me.  The story of Jacob, a young man on the verge of his career as a veterinarian, was told as the flashback of a much older Jacob, who now resides in a nursing home.  As young Jacob was about to take his final exams and graduate from vet school, his world crumbled when his parents were killed in a car accident.  Left without family or money, a despondent Jacob jumped on a passing train.  He soon found himself working as a vet for a traveling circus.  The story of young Jacob's adventures with the circus is interwoven with the story of old Jacob's life as a resident in a nursing home.  I loved the book, but I found parts of it too graphic.  There were sexually explicit passages as well as descriptions of violent animal abuse, which I felt were overdone and unnecessary to the story."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The book is large (10.5x14.5) and is fully illustrated and worth every penny. The illustrations are not step-by-step but are large images that show the finished product. I learned more from studying the final dish images in large format than from all the other Mexican cook books I have, and I have more cookbooks than I need. The recipes cover the simplest to the more complicated. I like the simpler ones. I have many of the best books from other authors, but they are text, text, text. This one makes me want to cook, which I am going to do right now!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What an unbelievable work of art.  This book not only grabs you and pulls you in, with wonderful characters and writing, but you find yourself lost in the time and place.  I am currently about a fourth of the way through War and Remembrance....it is equally splendid.  I first read Marjorie Morningstar and fell in love with Herman Wouk's style and mastery of the storyline and character development.  At times when reading these books I am incredibly sad, other times uplifted, and yet other times amazed.  Absolutely one of the best authors I've ever read...and I have read alot of books."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As he (the \"prophet\") awaits the ship that will return him to his home country after fourteen years of being absent, he begins providing answers in colorful parables to questions raised by the occupants of the city he has temporarily made his home.  We follow this spiritual man as the loving townspeople seek him out for wisdom.  There is ultimately great sadness when he departs.I would describe these writings as poetic, philosophic prose for daily spiritual living.  There are many sound words, with a relaxed style, and a somewhat universalistic belief.  It is okay.Lord's blessingsScott"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Without a doubt, IMHO, this book has got to be one of the best ever done on the last book of the Bible and how those thing written there relate to other prophetic books of the Bible (Especially the book of Daniel) and history. It is beautifully written and has many detailed charts and pictures. What is really cool is to realize this book was done in the early 1900's, before The Jewish people went back home and reclaimed the land God promised them. I loved this book and it confirmed the truth found within the Bible. RMS"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had heard mixed reviews about both the book and the movie and was a little wary of both, but when prime gave a free month subscription I figured it was worth at least trying the book.  I loved it!  I found it to be very witty - I absolutely fell in love with the 93 year old Jacob, and the historial aspect was very interesting... I never knew the history of the circus before reading this or what a great competivie market it was back in its hayday!  I will never look at the workers of a traveling show the same way again. I thought the book was a little slow paced for my taste but well worth it.  I even went ahead and watched the movie and found the book to be far more superior in context.  Great read!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This story line captivated me from the first chapter.  It had ALOT of swearing and graphic sexual content which I didn't enjoy having to wade through and skip over.  I didn't think it added anything to the storyline, and felt that it could have been left out all together.I found the author commentaries at the end to be most fascinating.  It was interesting to read that the story line has some non-fiction events weaved into it.  I you don't mind filthy language and sexual content this is a great read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A good friend of mine who is a Veterinarian, recommended this book to me several years ago. Based on her review, I purchased the book and it sat on my bookshelf for three years!! I considered reading it several times, but it was always passed over in favor of other novels that sounded more intriguing. Once I started seeing trailers for the movie adaptation of the novel with Reese Witherspoon and Robert Pattinson, I finally extracted the book from its place in the bookshelf and read it. THANK GOODNESS I did! Water for Elephants is a brilliantly written account of a Veterinarian student who loses his parents in a car crash and ends up joining a circus in a chance encounter. The author clearly depicts what circus life was like in the 1930s and builds larger than life circus folk whose personalities bounce off of the novel's pages. I highly recommend Water for Elephants, it's a story of loss, love, animals, circus shenanigans, and betrayal. It's a fun romp with a great ending that you'll thoroughly enjoy."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is about a young man lost a down time of now family, no work but finds a Circus and gets on by watering the elephants, Not fitting in but still clinging on.  Fell in love with someone he could not have, finally wins the love, but looses frightening friendship with the crazy Ringmaster, and manager of the Circus.  We go through the hard times of the circus money not knowing what comes next and everyone is Leary of everyone.  At the End he learns he had a great life even as strange as it was. It was a good story about the hard time in that timeline and period."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "After 132 previously written reviews I know there is not much new to say about this book. So, I will just say that I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Ms. Gruen states in the Author's note that she was going to write an entirely different book and instead wrote this one and I am so glad that she did. The research and old pictures make this a once upon a time story. The story is hypnotic and truly heartwarming from beginning to end. If looking for a great read, this is it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book. I'd been hearing so much about it prior to the film that I decided I had to read it. No one had really told me what the book was about so I was more than pleasantly surprised at the subject matter. I have always had an interest in the Great Depression and riding the Circus Train during that time period with Jacob was one of the best trips of my life. Sara Gruen's writing is descriptive and made me feel like I was actually involved in the lives of her characters. It was an easy read but a cause for dismay when it ended. I wanted it to go on and on. I definitely recommend this book to anyone who just enjoys a good story."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Jacob Jankowski runs away from his ivy league veterinary education when his parents die in an accident and joins a circus on impulse. His training serves him well and provides him a place of esteem among the performers and the workers, an odd position which spans both groups. He falls for the lovely Marlena who performs with the horses, but she is married to August, a violent but charismatic animal trainer. The story culminates when the circus purchases an elephant named Rosie whose intelligence hides behind her thick skin.Some of the best scenes in this book are those in the nursing home when Jacob is an old man who can't remember if he is 90 or 93. The writing is sensitive, believable, and these moments are some of the most emotional snippets from the book. That is not to say that the rest is boring. Gruen has written a real page turner, and although it is not entirely original, it is incredibly entertaining."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is one of several Hemingway books I have come to read, actually in this case, listen to.I loathe idling about so I decided while I wait, wherever that maybe, I would listen to an audiobook. I prefer the unabridged versions which in this case was quite long.I found the subject matter mysteriously complex ( who doesn't find love  complex ) yet simplistic in it's exposition true to Hemingway's style.Each character is carefully developed and his/her relationships meticulously crafted and consistent with their dispositions.Hemingway explores humanity and allows us a glimpse of it in the most trying circumstances....love and war.It really is very hard to discuss the book without ruining details and the outcome so I will stop here.I would suggest getting the audicopy on ipod and listening to it on your next long journey overseas."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was born in 1920.  I grew up during the Great Depression and the Prohibition eras.In 1965 we owned a bait and tackle shop in Venice, Florida.  At that time the Ringling Bros. Circus wintered there and we became acquainted with many circus people.  Our shop was a hangout for them and every evening after rehearsals they would stop by for a beer.The book: \"Water for Elephants\" is extremely well written and I am planning to read more of Sara Gruen's work.I have ordered two more copies and given them to friends.  They have given me very good reports."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Pure mastery in words revealing the essence of life. Very simply, this book speaks to everyone. It doesn't matter who you are or what you believe. It brings tears to me each time I read it, because if your mind is open, you will achieve a feeling of higher existence upon completion of your reading. I hope you will take that understanding and infuse it within all you do.I also recommend listening to Richard Harris' reading of this book, though it may be out of print these days."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "He's 90 or 93 he doesn't really remember and it doesn't really matter anyway because according to Jacob's nothing really matters after a few years in an old folks home.  His bitter and sarcastic exterior conceals a deep pain and the certain knowledge that the better years of his life have passed by.  As Citizen Kane says old age is the only disease that no one wants to be cured of.Things weren't always this way Jacob was young once until an unfortunate series of circumstances ended his hopes of being a vet forever.  He is then taken on a journey across the country with a circus it is a fun little book and well worse the trip.  The characters have life and everything that fictional characters should have.  You'll find it to be so good that even though you can see the ending coming from three miles away you will not even care.Overall-It is rare that I run across a book this good"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is one of my all-time favorites!  For some reason, I put off reading this book for months.  I tried to convince myself that it didn't look interesting.  Was I ever wrong!  This will stay in my house, I will not trade or sell it, or loan it out.  It's that good!  Reading the author's notes, I discovered it was based on the the Biblical story of Jacob.  Then I had to read it all over again!  And I still loved it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is well written, well researched, and overall an interesting story. That said, without a doubt I would have closed it and never finished it due to the abuse of the animals, but I read until the end it because it was a book club choice. This is not a book for animal lovers and I found it to be incredibly painful. Those who torture animals are the scum of the earth in my opinion and I don't enjoy reading about them. Nothing personal Sara Gruen, you are a good writer."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants presents a story of a veterinarian's life told from both his present and earlier life perspective.  The way that the author switched between time periods was entertaining.  I found myself experiencing a wide range of emotions from horror to curiosity to anger and then to happiness.  I personally have never been to a circus so I don't have any memories of my own to go by.  However, the author's descriptions of the circus atmosphere and \"class\" system within the different groups makes it very easy to imagine just how life was living on that train traveling from town to town.  I really enjoyed reading this book and look forward to the film version."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was an engaging story from start to finish. The author did a wonderful job telling Jacob Jankowski's story as an old man biding his time in an assisted living facility waiting to go to the circus, and as a young adult, who after finding himself homeless and parentless, jumps a circus train.I found the ending a bit surprising, but beautiful all the same. This was an easy read and something I couldn't put down. I love it when an author is truly able to bring you back to a time and place and make it so believable as Sara Gruen has done with Water for Elephants.Highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book gathers momentum slowly, but I guarantee that if you stick with it to the end you will be very well rewarded.  I enjoyed this book for insight into history as well as military tactics.  It's almost like you are behind enemy lines, eavesdropping on what is happening.  But the last 40 to 50 pages swiftly gathers momentum both in action and emotional impact. But intertwined is this heart-wrenching love story, at least at the end it's heart-wrenching.  I've read four of Hemingway's books, but this one ranks easily at the top.  There is so much emotion and character in this book, the stuff that makes us human and heroic, and that makes Hemingway so great.  The last 40 pages or so builds so much emotion, suspense, and excitement you cannot put it down--the mission climaxes, the love story climaxes, what a ride!!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was the first book I ever borrowed from the library as a kid. I met Dr Goodall herself a few years ago. A gorgeous, wonderful woman. Humble. Quietly spoken. Impossible to ignore. My signed edition of this book is a treasure I'll take to my grave!Jane Goodall was once described as Conservation's Greatest Rock Star. She was so far ahead of her time, science is now only beginning to catch up. This is a beautifully written account of the beginnings of the longest continuous animal field study on earth. The discoveries Jane Goodall made at Gombe, in Tanzania, redefined not only science's understanding of Chimpanzees, but also redefined human beings. Because of Jane Goodall, we could no longer consider man to be the only \"tool maker\" living on earth.In the Shadow of Man has all the elements of a best-seller - politics, violence, sex, warfare, murder, devotion, tenderness, even love."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants was recommended to me by a co-worker, and I was really surprised at how much I liked it. A book about a circus didn't necessarily appeal to me, but I figured it was worth a shot.This story is great. I really enjoyed the way the story alternated between Jacob in present day and Jacob's memories. In both times, he was heartwarming and sincere, even if he could be a bit cranky in his older age. :)The characters were great--well-developed and dimensional, even the ones you didn't particularly like. The whole circus feels very vivid, and I just loved Rosie to death.Overall, it was just a very enjoyable read with enjoyable characters (well, mostly, unless they weren't supposed to be). One thing that I found unexpectedly interesting was the circus dynamic--the cruelty, the hierarchy, the crazy characters. All in all, this is a very well-rounded novel and I would recommend it to anyone."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My two best friends and I are all avid readers, although we usually read very different books. One of them got it, loved it and gave it to me, and this book was passed around for several months. We had a mother in law, an ex boyfriend all reading it, which really speaks to how good the book is.You can read the other reviews to find out what its about...I'm telling you, you will be hooked instantly. Clear your schedule. This isn't a book you want to start reading when its going to be a week before you can pick it up again."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants is an entertaining read that chronicles the life of Jacob, a circus' veterinarian (well, would have been if he would have taken his final exams). The story is told in alternating time periods, Jacob recounting his youth from the confines of an assisted living facility. After the horrific death of his parents during the Great Depression, Jacob drops out of school and begins working with the Benzini Brothers circus. He quickly discovers the dark secrets so well-hidden behind the cheerful, humorous faade of circus shows. While on the road Jacob grows up and learns a great deal about life \"out in the real world\" while traveling with the circus, including lessons on friendship, trust, love and self-reliance.This novel is extremely plot driven and is not a literary challenge by any means. I appreciate the take on circus life; this isn't something that is commonly written about. It was still very enjoyable and interesting, and I would recommend it for all readers."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I own and love my Mexico the Beautiful Cookbook, so I decided to invest, and at 50 dollars it IS an investment, in the Italian edition. I was severely dissapointed in it. The photography is indeed as beautiful as the Mexico book, but the recipes are rather blah. I greatly prefer my books by Marcella Hazzan, especially her Essentials of Classical Italian Cooking.After using Hazzan's books, this one left me cold. I gave it away, and that is rare, as I collect cookbooks. Save your money."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have owned this book for a few months. I keep getting side tracked by other books so I did not read it. Last week so many people told me how wonderful the book was and even the movie. SO, I picked it up last night and am almost done with it. WOW!!! What a wonderful story. You can tell a lot of research went into this by the accuracy. While I know very little about circus life I do work with the elderly and that is all accurate. A lot on the lines of \"The Notebook\" the way the story in told."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a book I cannot forget; it stirred me deeply.  Yes, the story telling is brilliant and extremely well written; the parts about the depression and the circus are fascinating; and the ability of a young female author to give voice and depth of character to an old man in his nineties is extraordinary (he is one of literature's most memorable characters!)But for me, there is something which surpasses even all of this.  Gruen touched on and developed a reality with which it is so difficult for most of us to come to grips: that is how the strong, virile, resourceful young man in his twenties continues to reside in the decrepit, rotting body of the stooped, weak old man.  She has drawn so clearly the ungraspable mystery of youth emerging into old age, the spirit of the person masked by the wrinkled cloak of the elderly.  Bravo, Sara.  Well done!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A very well-written piece of literary fiction that is not easily forgotten.  I picked up the novel because of its great reviews and my disdain for the circus and inhumane treatment of circus animals, but ended up loving it because of a very engaging plot and my great affection for the main character in particular.  This novel is SO much more than a great story of Depression-era circus workers and performers; that simply lays the very interesting foundation. The ending was the best I've read in a long time and brought the novel full circle.  I look forward to more books by Sara Gruen!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants by Sara Gruen is a gripping story filled with both the sadness and the joy of life. Hope and regret thread through the pages gripping the reader in a heartrending but mesmerizing journey. Filled with characters struggling to choose right over wrong as well as those who are selfish and greedy, the reader will alternately lament their choices, feel their pain, sympathize with their struggles, and cheer their successes. Animal lovers beware there are some fairly graphic depictions of the way circus animals have been treated over the years. Gruen's unapologetic descriptions of circus life for all involved, the workers, the performers, and the animals strips away the romanticized idea that running away with the circus could ever be the answers to one's troubles in life. All the while, Water for Elephants also grounds us in the reality of aging and reminds us that perhaps we should listen a little and \"do\" a little less. Gruen's writing immerses the reader in a world so real the reader feels compelled to remind one's self it's fiction."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book hit every note for me.  Gruen had me the moment she introduced Jacob as a veterinarian and Marlena as a horsewoman.  Perfection!The adventures, the setting, the desperation of the animals, the workers and of the lovers all came together to make such a beautiful, memorable read for me. Sweet revenge and a perfect ending make this one of my top ten reads (and re-reads) time after time.  I've since recommended it to many people and it remains a favorite to this day."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book does provide a fairly riveting story set within post depression America and also provides good insights into the circus business during this era. The book balances the dynamics of maintaining a circus in tough economic times against a host of vivid and disparate personalities that can both support and challenge the stability of the circus. For example there is Big Al who runs the circus with a nearly ruthless practicality, \"redlighting\" individuals who violate his rules. There is August, second in command, alternately tough and gracious, supportive and cruel. There is Jacob, the hero, who stumbles into the world after fleeing Cornell Vet School and who subsequently falls in love with August's wife. The book alternates between the young Jacob in the circus and the elderly Jacob in a nursing home. Some of the dialogue the characters use during the depression era sounds like it came from the 21st century but other than that there is a gritty, often grotesque and unblinking realism in everything from death to romance."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was captivating from page 1.  The story kept a good pace and is one of those books you just don't want to put down.  I really connected with the main character and felt his emotions as if they were my own.  Other characters were both likable and despicable, but all the while intriguing.  A very interesting story and enlightening as well.  I can imagine life on a circus train during the depression and realize now that it was not all it was cracked up to be.  Highly recommend!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "From the dust jacket: ...Red Adam's Lady is a boisterous, bawdy tale of wild adventure, set against the constant dangers of medieval England. It is a story of civil war and border raids, scheming aristocrats and brawling villagers, daring escapes...Its vivid details give the reader a fascinating and realistic view of life in a medieval castle and village...The reviews here are excellent. There are times when I cringe at the brutality of an era but the writing here is so fast-paced I found I didn't have time. It's a wild ride and highly enjoyable."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Can a stint of a few months in a circus change a boy's life forever? Yawn. The novel is peopled with cut-outs: a diligent country boy orphaned the day before his final exams; an ethereally beautiful horse-tamer with a secret problem (a loutish husband); perverted dwarves; whores with golden hearts; etc. Retold from a retirement home, the novel seems prepped for cinematic treatment, and doesn't linger in literature. It hurtles towards a pre-ordained resolution: the match made in heaven, in the book, and a movie contract for the author. Boo."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book takes different themes such as work, love, etc. and poses them as questions that a community asks a wise man, who seems to be spirit talking. He is a man who is not so much of a religious base but more filled with a love of nature finding peace and depth through sensory and embracement of all dark and light. He is a person who has freedom in all areas of his life and learns from all things and all moments because of his openess and aliveness. He wants all people to gain awareness from their path thru eternity. This can be read in a variety of ways coming from each person's belief system. I read this when I was in a state of loss, loss of so much. This book can bring understanding and a shift in consciousness at least for a spell of time. It can expand who you are while you process and integrate his writings. I most definately recommend this book, for all people on their journey in whatever space they are in on their path of life."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Romance, love, eccentricities, violence and humor are expertly woven into this novel.  I loved it and I was sorry to finish it.  It was one of those books which makes it difficult to begin another book.  I cared about the characters, and the events lingered after I completed it.  That is saying a lot about a book for me; I'm a voracious reader and I usually begin a new book as soon as I finish the last.  I think it is a book which would appeal to a wide range of readers'"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The reviews from \"Booklist\" and \"Publisher's Weekly\" are a little misleading--the book really is more uplifting and not as depressing as the plot elements they have focused upon.  This story leads the reader into the rich and complex world of traveling circuses, circa 1930's.  The journey of the young man reminded me of Clyde Griffiths in Theodore Dreiser's, \"An American Tragedy\", the relationship between Marlena and August reminded me of the dynamics between Sophie and Nathan in William Styron's, \"Sophie's Choice\".  But, in spite of these analogies, the book still isn't depressing!  A good summer read, you won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If you were one of those students that was doodling during American History or, more likely, by spring when WWII was covered, was thinking of other things as the teacher sped through the entire event in two periods, this is an wonderfully enjoyable way to get the history you missed. Following two families, this historic fiction offers insights into WWII that no textbook could. It opens in early 1939 and closes with Pearl Harbor, describing events in London, Europe, Washington and the Pacific. The book includes an enormous amount of factual data on actual events and individuals who played a significant role during the period. Additionally, it very effectively employs the device of reports written by a fictitious German general, to provide the German perspective on the war effort there. All in all an excellent book that should be required reading for anyone that feels they know too little about the period. And the sequel, War and Remembrance (which I am now reading) is an excellent follow up, continuing to track the characters throughout the remainder of the war."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a wonderful book made better by excellent readers.Jacob Jankowski joins the circus as a young man after the death of his parents.  This was during the depression when many were willing to work for little more than regular meals.  Sara Gruen tells the story of a traveling circus with a surety that makes it hard to believe she has never experienced the cruelty, hard times and camaraderie of circus life.  Even more amazing, the story is told from the perspective of Jacob as a 93 year old man forgotten in a nursing home.There are two readers, one for the young Jacob and one for the old, and both are a true pleasure to listen to."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Watched the film first and loved it. The book didn't disappoint either. Even though I had watched the film it was an interesting read, it didn't feel boring to read what I've already seen. The characters's good, I especially liked Walter and some other of the minor roles, the rhythm of the writing flowing and easily read. Jacob's tone and style of talking is well carried through the book. It feels like you're there. It was also fascinating to get glimpses of his current, old life. What he had become after all of the adventures, an old man forgotten by his children and family, reliving his past. It was sad, and you could understand his grumpiness.There's just something about circuses that's fascinating. It was interesting to \"learn\" how the circus worked in the 30s, how they travelled by train, how the hierarchy was arranged, how you lived your life in a circus."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book because my sister-in-law (who never reads) could not put it down until she finished. So I gave it a go and, after a slow start, was interested enough to finish. The author does everything she can to exploit the reader's concern for cats, dogs, monkeys and, of course, the titular elephant. The narrator  is a vet who sticks with the circus, at first, in order to protect the animals, but he does little to interfere with their mistreatment... or the mistreatment of his fellow humans. In that sense, the book rings false. The book exploits the reader's feeling for animals and animal-human relationships for some cheap emotional effect. And it worked on me to some extent because I  cared about (and shed shed tears for) the animals much more than the humans. But I fail to see larger point."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As a prize-winning author myself, and a Pulitzer nominee, I know good writing.  This book was so riveting and fascinating I couldn't put it down.In fact, it became so real to me that I began to think of it as non-fiction some time after I'd finished.  I had to read these reviews to recollect it is fiction.  Having read a great many of the posted reviews, I can't help noticing the negative or low rated reviews are sneering and superior, and critical in the extreme.  This is, in my experience, typical of poor writers who feel compelled to comment scathingly on others' skills, but who are incapable of writing compelling literature themselves.  As a professional academic reviewer, I strongly disagree with the snide commentary.  It is a rare gem."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Sara Gruen's gorgeous new novel, 'Water For Elephants,' unfolds as a dual narrative, alternating between Jacob Jankowski's life as a nonagenarian, and his time spent working for a ragtag Depression-era circus as a young man. The plot is captivating (I missed two meals because I didn't want to put the book down) and Gruen's writing, as always, is transcendent. She deftly evokes a fascinating period in American history that deserves to be revisited, and her characters--human and animal alike--will stay with you long after you turn the last page."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Overall, an excellent overview of anarchism that is well worth reading. Glad I bought it and enjoyed reading it.However, at times the author goes from chronicling the views of individual anarchists (and opponents) to coming down on one side or another of a debate. This itself would be useful, except the author seems to give short shrift to views he doesn't share.For example, take Murray Bookchin's criticisms of deep ecology. Marshall simply treats Bookchin's criticisms as untenable and treats Bookchin's disagreements with the deep ecologists as an example of how Bookchin \"laments our alienation from nature ... but he would still appear to be a victim of the process.\"Perhaps if the subtitle of \"Demanding the Impossible\" had been \"An Evaluation and Critique of Anarchism\" rather than \"A History of Anarchism\" this wouldn't have been so jarring, but it left me wondering (as someone not overly familiar with anarchist thinking and debates) how much of his history is colored by his own personal views on what is and is not anarchism proper."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It was with some reluctance that I purchased this book.  I'm more of a character-driven reader than a plot-driven one. Additionally, I don't especially like \"adventure\" stories. I was pleasantly surprised since Jacob was such a terrific character, and any adventure he encountered was worth reading.  This book certainly entertains -- and, it moves so fast. Also, the pictures of real circus life added to the story. Two people are currently waiting for this.  I trust that they'll have as good a read/ride as I did.  Loved Gruen's writing & expect to be reading more of her books."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved Water for Elephants. Author Sara Gruen managed to place herself in the head of both a ninety-year-old man with Alzheimers in a nursing home, and a twenty-three-year-old man who had a great life ahead of him until tragedy struck. She swung back and forth between the character's present drab life to the unpredictable depression era circus of his youth so naturally that I was amazed how often I forgot I was reading a book. I was so entranced by the scenery and story that it just flowed along like I was watching it, or more accurately, living it with the characters. It's not often storytellers do this good a job in our generation. I have recommended this book to many people. Gruen is a writer to watch."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "...but I just couldn't.  Honestly, it stressed me out.  I wasn't enchanted or transported, just full of anxiety at the turn of every page.  I read a lot of books, and I review very few, but this is a book I really wanted to love and had to force myself to finish.  I was hoping for something more along the lines of \"Carter Beats the Devil\", but instead I got \"The Devil tortures Carter and his girl and Carter ends up alone in a nursing home.\"  I just couldn't get behind this story."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants draws you in from the very beginning. The story is fast paced and details circus life during the Depression years, making the reader see that for many, the circus was a way to keep food in one's stomach, when others had no jobs and were going hungry.Gruen does a good job of detailing the factual side of operating and working a circus, while keeping the story engaging. The only minor problem is that characterization is a bit weak, especially regarding Jacob, the main character.The book contains photos from circus archives, which is a nice touch."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I usually don't read mass market, best selling paperbacks written by women. Nothing wrong with women writers I just don't read them. A friend at work asked if I wanted to read this book and her previous recs were mostly good.I really enjoyed this story. It was a nice change of pace.If you are a guy read this book cause you then have opportunity to see: What girls want in a man and why girls act like they do. That seems like a blanket statement but being a guy I would not have done many things the hero did and I couldn't understand why he thought what he did and was so against sound advice til I realized the author was a women and she was trying to write from a guys perspective. Of course what I have written may not be true and there are surely arguments against but I think I am right.I think you should read this book and am looking forward to the movie"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is one of the best books I have ever read!  I would recommend this book to everyone and have already passed it on to my Mother who also LOVED it!!  This is one of those books that stick with you and even when you've moved onto other books, you'll find yourself thinking about it still.  I will NEVER look at an elephant or a circus in the same way.  I laughed and cried several times and just can't say enough good things about this book.  It is one of those books that I don't think I will ever forget, it touched me very deeply."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Despite haunting cover art and a great title, despite obvious research and well thought out prose, and despite the fact that this book is the darling of the Independent Booksellers Association, I felt let down.  Part of the problem was that I expected a lot and had held this book on my shelf, until I could really savor it.  It does start out strong, and Gruen keeps her time periods well separated.  But the characters, especially the narrator, feel stock and unfinished and merely devices on which to hang the proceeds of research.  Because of the plusses of the book enumerated in the opening sentence of my review, I give 3 stars, but for the back story, it would be fewer."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Really great book. The characters are interesting, particularly our hero Jacob. The setting is vibrant (a circus during the Great Depression.) The plot moves at a great pace, and the material is really well researched. All of which comes together under some excellent writing that provides just enough detail to make everything real and interesting without banging you over the head with it. Throw in murder, sex and a big elephant wearing pink sequins, and you have a fab book. The very end is charming too. I highly recommend it"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "So much has already been written about the shallow characters and implausible ending... So no need to belabor that point.However, I do want to throw up a Red Flag to those readers who, like me, aren't big fans of profanity. I listened to Water for Elephants on CD and found myself cringing repeatedly at the author's liberal use of the F-word. (And many other words.) Furthermore, the graphic sexuality felt like the author's attempt to titillate and shock her readers with needless cheap thrills. She provided ample details regarding the sexual habits of her characters whilst omitting more relevant ones regarding central relationships and motives.There was an interesting storyline in there somewhere. As to the rest, it could've been toned down."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book has everything.  War, Romance, and the little known history of the Spanish Civil War.Hemingway is at his best in this book.  His keen journalistic eye doesn't miss a detail.Although the era he is writting about has long since gone by the reader cannot help but be pushed back in time.There is one scene that always sticks in my mind.  I think Pablo's mujer is telling Robert Jordan about a village they \"cleaned\" of fascist.  The details of the brutality in that section of the book will give any reader a glipse of what war is."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I became hooked on Hemingway long ago when I was in college, and this is the book that got me hooked. In English composition we were being taught how to write interesting sentences, for instance, how many adjectives you could use in describing a person walking down the street. Then I read Hemingway and realized you could write, \"He walked down the street\", because walking wasn't the important thing. The important thing was what was in the heart of the person walking down the street. When Hemingway won the Nobel Prize the committee mentioned THE OLD MAN AND THE SEA, but it would be hard to imagine Hemingway winning the Nobel Prize and becoming one of the three giants of twentieth century American literature without FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS. I would recommend this book, but be careful, you just might get hooked on Hemingway."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water For Elephants was an excellent book detailing what life was like for those who worked for the circus during the Depression era and later.  This wonderful story was told in flashback by a crotchety ninety-year old, man named, Jacob who lives in a nursing home.Other reviewers have already summarized the story very well. Therefore, I just want to add that I especially enjoyed Water For Elephants specifically because it was told from the perspective of an elderly individual who, in telling the circus-days story of his youth, also gave the reader a realistic perspective of aging.  For me, this was what made Sara Gruen's novel all the more compelling.For those who have elderly family in nursing homes, I would recommend that you read this book to your love one. I'm sure they will enjoy it as much as you!Maizie Lucille JamesJanuary 13, 2012"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Wow.  This book was just spectacular.  I tore through it (it grabbed me and would not let go).  How many books do you see a fifteen-year-old (my niece) reading while walking up stairs?  She could not stop reading it to climb the stairs!  It was an amazing ride.  I cannot imagine that ANYONE would not love this book.I read two of Sara Gruen's earlier books and this is in a different category - a tour de force, an absolute must-read.  What a lovely book.  You end up feeling grateful to her for writing it just so you could read it.  I cannot say enough about how great this book was - an enthralling story, enthrallingly told, absolutely marvelous."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Despite the fictional characters, I believe this book to be among the best sources available to get a sense of the world of the 1940's.  As a baby boomer, I grew up among many adults who were directly or indirectly involved in World War II.  Herman Wouk has captured the values and views of that generation in a way that no future novelist (one who was not an eyewitness to those times) will ever be able to do.  The Henry family whose lives are traced through this book typify the straightforward Americans of that day.  This book ought to have won a Pulitzer.  Oh and finally, in case none of the other 37 reviewers mentioned it, for inquiring minds:  &quot;Wouk&quot; rhymes with &quot;oak&quot;."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I bought this book because I wanted to see the movie.  I opened it and the first few pages compelled me to download it immediately.  I have been reading it through the new year and hate putting it down!  AWESOME book, it has everything you'd think went &#34;behind the scenes&#34; in the 30s in a circus...  :)Plus the Jacob J character at 90 or 25 is an amazing write... being a writer, I can say that the character had me at the visual in the first few pages!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I sampled this book because it's so popular and the price was right. The author's voice captured me with the authenticity of the elderly Jacob. Literally seconds after I finished reading the sample, I hit \"buy now.\" One of the most brilliant techniques in the book, and my personal favorite, is the little jolt the author created every time the point of view switches from young Jacob to old Jacob, and it makes you flinch as though you too have been wrenched from the prime of your life into the body of a decrepit codger in a nursing home.The ending is perfect and satisfyingThe scenes depicting cruelty to animals were emotionally difficult to read, though. If that kind of thing bothers you, you may not enjoy the story."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This audiobook was so well done! Two different readers provide for the voices of the man at 93, living in a rest home and his 23 year old self in memory. Alternate chapters keep the reader torn between hearing the story of Jacob and his experiences with a circus during the depression and his later self coping with another type of depression as he deals with a worn out body and his limited life as he waits to die. Anyone with compassion for older people will find this story heart wrenching and enlightening at the same time. Excellent!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I've seen the book from time to time, but the cover never intrigued me enough to actually buy and read it. Now I wish I had picked it up the first time I saw it! It is a delightfully different story of a 93 year old man who tells his story of his years in the circus through flashbacks. The topics are obviously well researched and that adds something special to the novel. It is a very engaging read and I would recommend it for anyone looking for a lighter, different type of book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I wish that I could say that I was one of the readers of  Water For Elephants, the well researched novel by Sara Gruen, who was graciously transported to the circus world of the 1930's, but sadly I can't.I am not one who acclaims the romance of  the beautiful Marlena, the circus horse rider and Jacob, whose personal tragedy causes him to walk away from his final exams at Cornell Vet school.  Instead, I am left thinking that perhaps, I should have read Twilight instead.  The an essential problem of reading a romance in which the reader does not care for the romantic protagonists, is that it takes the heart out of the book.Though there was enough in the side characters, animals and atmosphere to carry the book but alas there I often found Gruen's phrasing annoying and clunky.  I have decided in all fairness to Ms Gruen and her many fans that I will desist from reading any more of her works and we shall all continue on quite happily."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It honestly took me weeks to finally talk myself into buying this book, I just said screw it and did it. I started reading it and could not put it down. By far my favorite book. (this month anyhow) I love to read the books before I see the movie and even though 9 out of 10 times I am very disapointed with the movie I honestly can not wait to see this movie! I think that the book was so real and made me feel like part of the circus so much that watching the movie will make me feel even more so part of the circus. I passed this book along to a \"reading buddy\" of mine and told her just read it! She text me the next day and said she had just finished it and it was SOOOOOO GOOD (This girl in not one to read a book in a day) If you are reading these reviews trying to descide weather to buy this or not by suggestion is.... Just buy it! Well worth the money!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My hatred for this book knows no bounds. This is the trashiest thing to infiltrate the literature section of the bookstore since Henry Miller. (Although I'm not a Henry Miller expert, I'm guessing he at least brought some literary merit to the table, which is more than I can say for this author!) The depression-era circus setting, although intriguing, was not enough to make up for the endless vulgarity, flat characterization and vapid dialogue. And, to make matters worse, no character, at least from the ones I can remember, is spared horrific scenes of physical abuse - you name it, woman, worker, elephant, dog, clown. I just got tired of it all after a while.Why did I even bother to finish it? It was sort of like watching Ripley's Believe it or Not to see what kind of ghastly thing would happen next. Well now I believe it; this is one of the worst contemporary books I've read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I first became aware of Kahlil Gibran when I read a poem of his that was on the menu at my favorite Lebanese restaurant. Ever since then, I have sought out his books.  The Prophet is my favorite.  Several of the  &quot;poems&quot; or passages are fully relevant to parts of my life.  The  book makes one feel good and inspired to do good for others.  There is  barely an aspect on life that the poems do not touch on-love, marriage,  death and all of our own insecurities and doubts about people and life.  This would be a good book to give to a friend who is going through a rough  time, or just has unanswered questions at a certain point in their lives.  The writing is lucid, insightful, and will be relevant for as long as time  goes on.The drawings add to an already great work.  At my favorite Lebanese  restaurant, I not only found good food-I thankfully found Kahlil Gibran."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I really enjoyed &#34;The Deafening.&#34;  I read it after reading another book by Itani which I really enjoyed.  Like most Americans I don't know as much about Canada as I should.  The novel grabbed my attention at the beginning and held it to the end.  It also made me feel so lucky that I have my hearing.  The scenes of the hardships of the men fighting WW1 were difficult to read, but that is war and I think it is something we all should think about."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoyed this book from start to finish.I'm not sure what it was exactly but it very much reminded me of Life of Pi which I also enjoyed.Jacob appealed to me as a character and I became genuinely interested in the fates of both rosy and the circus people.I preferred the chapters relating to Jacob's memory over those where he was an old man but this doesn't take away from the overall quality of the book. Although it is a fiction story I like that it was grounded with research and a combination of true stories which made the book feel more real.After reading the book I also watched the movie but as many people always say when they make a book into a movie, it wassnt half as good."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants came highly recommended from several friends but it fell a little short of great.  The writing is good, but the love story is a little lacking.  In my opinion, Jacob and Marlena did not have enough scenes together for me to truly believe that they were falling in love.  I know the title is \"Water for Elephants,\" but there was a little too much about the animals in this book and not enough about the people.  I know it was about the circus but I guess I'm the type who likes a better-developed love story if I'm going to \"buy\" it.  I don't want it to sound like I disliked this book.  I didn't.  It just wasn't a story that blew me away.  It's a nice enough read for people who like sweet, well-written books."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I can't say it was bad but it sure wasn't good. I have had the book for many years and just got around to reading it. Major disappointment considering the hype and accolades. It had the potential to be much better, but it was trite and lagged all the way through, for the most part. I'm mystified by the massive attention. It, in my opinion, is mediocre, at best. 3 stars is the max I can give it. Great literature it's not. Sophomoric comes to mind."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As a person in his 70s who deals with a mother-in-law in her 90s, I found much Jacob's trials in the nursing home close to home. That he could escape into the memory of his youthful connection with the circus was probably a life saver for him.Ms Gruen did a masterful job of separating and at the same time blending Jacob's experiences in his youth with those in his present state of being 90 or 93.It is worth reading this book all the way through to get to a surprising and wonderful end that I shall not reveal so as not to spoil it for others.Ms Gruen obviously researched circuses. Her attention to detail, both when she wrote about the circus and also when she wrote about the nursing home helped make the story realistic.All in all, it was well written and held my attention."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants is a love story set in a post depression traveling circus and told from the memory of 93 year-old man.  The story jumps between the current life of the narrator a uncontented man who believes he is 90 or 93 and his rememberance of the love story between Jacob and the Benzini Brother's circus.After the death of both his parents Jacob a veterinairian student finds himself penniless. Although not intentionally  he runs away to the circus where he finds love.This story give great historical flavor and is a must read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have seen Water for Elephants  at all the popular bookstores for the last year.  It never appealed to me, so I always passed over it.  This month, it was choosen as my book club's choice and I was pleasently suprised.  It was a true page turner and I finished the book in one weekend.  Gruen captured the time period and the secret world of circus people during the Depression beautifully.  It made me want more and to know more about the people of that era who worked on the circus trains.You won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Since I've never written a review on Amazon, you can bet it would take one heck of a book to get me to do it. Water for Elephants is that book. I buy a LOT of books, and with most of them I'm left feeling dissatisfied. But with this book I read it over a weekend and just tore through it. Solid writing, thorough research, believable characters, and a great story. I just love this book! As a fan of HBO's Carnivale, it reminded me a lot of that series, but make no mistake, this is NOT a derivative work. I'm just hoping that Gruen will return to this universe in the near future and give us another installment."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This novel tells the story of a man who is now old and struggling with health problems. A carnival comes to town and he remembers the amazing life he once had. I loved the ending the most and hated when characters died. The story itself was believable and the characters complex. This book is not for children and can leave you quite depressed at certain points. Other than that [and that's more of an observation than a complaint] this is a solid read. If the characters didn't die this would've been a 5."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I cannot begin to explain how much I have fallen in love with this novel.  I've never been so entertained, intrigued, horrified and ultimately satisfied by a book.  Each character had so much to offer to the story.  I slowed down as I neared the end knowing I had to say good-bye to Jacob, Marlena and Rosie (the smiling elephant!).  I will definitely go to the nearest bookstore and give Gruen's earlier novels a try.  This is by far the best book I have read in a long time.  I am recommending it to everyone I know!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is just a fun read. Nothing deep or realistic about the story. Nothing to be learned. No point. Just entertainment. Don't expect to connect with any of the characters because they are totally unrealistic. This book is just pure fantasy, almost childish. I did find the book worth reading, not a waste of time because it is entertaining. However, am I compelled to buy another book from this author? Probably not. Am I going to recommend it to my friends? Probably so with the disclaimer that it is a light fun read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book.  It was breath-taking alive - as if I could smell it, taste it and feel it.  It was like I became lost in the Great Depression era.  I so wanted it to end so that I could hear the conclusion of Jacob's life with the circus, but I didn't want it to end because it was such an enjoyable book.  I liked the way the story was narrated by Jacob as a young man and as an old man.  It is hard to believe that this was not an autobiography."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I wanted to read the book before I saw the movie and was greatly surprised that I enjoyed it so much.  It is a story filled with such sad moments but also the promise of a happy future.  It is told in a wonderful way.  I enjoyed the whole ride from beginning to end.  There was some moments when I just wanted him to leave the damn circus already but do what exactly?  or go work where?  you realize how bad the economy was and at least here he was eating every day which might not have been the case anywhere else."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I simply don't understand the fanfare.  Every bit of this story was heartbreaking.  The animal abuse (especially Rosie), the human abuse (Walter and Camel, especially), and all of the heartbreaking things that happened at the hands of certain men.  What was there to enjoy about this story?  Revenge at the end?  Ok, so I liked the last 3 pages.  But those last 3 pages didn't make up for my sadness throughout the whole of this book.  I wish I hadn't read it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was an easy, entertaining and informative read.  I was enjoying reading this so much that I had my mom and a friend read it too on their kindle and they both loved it.  I wanted to read it for entertainment but ended up enjoying learning so much as well through the story.  I did not see the movie but now I might just to see how much justice they did to the book.  Plus I read it free from the Kindle Lending Library but it would have been worth buying!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It's also the only circus novel I've ever read. This is an entertaining drama novel with a love triangle. The characters are nicely fleshed out, and there is a nice to and fro between Jacob's current life as a ninety year old and his adventures in the circus. Gruen does a charming job of describing Jacob as an old man and the ending is very good. Whilst the book is good I think it has been lucky that it has benefitted from great marketing and a big budget film as there are other books which are more powerful & more deserving than this book that have not received any recognition.Enjoyably recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a beautifully constructed book. The circus atmosphere is rich and detailed, and it's redolent of its time period. The images are strong and the pace, while not fast, is stately -- perhaps the way an elephant moves??I deducted a star for two reasons. First, it seemed that some leaps in the story came too quickly. Jacob should have spent a bit more time with Rosie before he made the statement \"I was close to falling in love with her;\" that happened a bit too fast to be believable. Also, the ENDING was awful: contrived and saccharine. That was a huge disappointment, after the rest of the book.Overall, though, a literary and very good read, two things that don't always go together."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was practically forced to read this book by my partner, who loved it and would not stop insisting that I had to read it. I offered lots of excuses as I put it off, but the truth is, I couldn't care less about the circus. When I finally gave in and started reading Water for Elephants, I realized on the first page that my apathy for the circus didn't matter.This was a touching, clever, totally unexpected story. It offers a window into how we treat the elderly, animals, and people of a different class, without ever being preachy. There were times when I feared it would become a depressing wallow, but that never happened. The unexpected upswing at the end was particularly satisfying. A great read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a sentimental story, with quite a bit of charm. It is touted as a \"crowd pleaser\" and that is probably the reason for its huge success. You do root for the narrator, even if the plot is contrived, the ending obvious, and the characterization somewhat weak.I would have hoped for a more authentic and earthy description of a Depression-era circus, but the writing is watered down. Often the conflicts between the characters are too quickly or conveniently resolved, and the characters seem to be at the mercy of the plot. Major crises are quickly skimmed over, and the true potential of this book is never fully developed.I read this to the end--which says something--but reflecting back on the book I wish it had been stronger and more carefully constructed. 3.5 stars."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Gibran was a great author and in this book he truly shines. I recommend this book to anyone, even if he/she is not into reading. The book is short but full of wisdom. I only gave it 4 stars because the idea of the book (and even the title) are taken from \"Thus Spoke Zarathustra\" which I gave 5 stars. So I didnt think it would be fair to give this one an equal grading. I actually recommend both books, but The Prophet is much easier to read, while Thus Spoke Zarathustra is deeper and more intelligent."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was my first book by Victoria Holt, and also my first book on Marie Antoinette. I knew a little about her from my college history class, but that was all. This story provided more information than class, and moved along quickly. It was very exciting at times, and written in a way that was very believable. The book contained real quotations from various sources, which was also interesting. It would be helpful for the reader to have *some* background information on the time period and/or Marie Antoinette in order to make reading the story a little smoother. There are a TON of names and places mentioned, which can make it confusing... but not enough dates. Dates are mentioned only here and then. My one complaint is that several times all French sentences were used with no translation... so since I don't speak French, they detracted from the story. I would have liked to have known the translations to those."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I don't think words are beautiful enough to describe this book. I was in love with this from the get go. Throughout this book, I caught myself smiling as I read... full on cheesy smile, as I was totally entranced by the world I was lost in. I also found tears in my eyes over and over- both in joy and sadness. This book tore through me.I can't really review this beyond saying that Water for Elephants was magical. If you have yet to read this (which I highly doubt, considering I am one of the last people on earth to read it), stop everything and go start it now.This is one of those novels that I wish someone had thrust this one on me so I could have experienced the beauty that this story is earlier."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Hard to describe this one.  I can't really put my finger on it, but this book is a bit too out there for me.Ms. Holt takes us through a journey with a young lady who has been orphaned.  She finds herself being taken from the country she has grown up in and taken to a foreign land.  She falls in love with the man that her father worked for but not before she makes him a fortune and not before she falls in love with the same man's son.It doesn't hurt that the family is very rich and she has come from a very poor background."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "There is a reason that this book has so many 5 star reviews...I avoided reading this for a while because I didn't think that I'd be interested in novel set in a circus during the depression, but I finally picked it up after yet another person told me how good it was.  I'm so glad that I did!  It really is the best thing that I've read in a long time.  I quickly became engrossed and could not put it down.  Do yourself a favor and give it a try, you will not be disappointed. Oh, and I LOVED the ending!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Certainly the words are of Kahlil Gibran, but the eternally PRESENT divine wisdom told through his words is from the source of all sources. Only those who are ready to receive the divine wisdom are destined to read and know the meaning behind the meanings of his words. This is one of the five most valued books that I keep on refering again and again for solace and peace of MYSELF.While writing - or rather while being an instrument to write this book - Kahlil Gibran must have reached the original source of all the knowledge and wisdom available to humankind.Gibran's book is music, poetry, wisdom and truth - all at the same time!I salute Kahlil Gibran for giving us the &quot;THE PROPHET&quot;."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For Whom the Bell Tolls, is equally very engaging and very dull.  Occasionally this novel cracks with energy, the tension among the characters is quite potent, and then at other times it bores you near sleep.  The rambling monolgues can be great(like when Pilar is detailing Pablo's once fervent commitment to the cause) and then at other times the words seem to be an annoying roadblock that you have to wade through to get to the meaty parts.  All in all I respect this novel and do think it is a good work, but I can't give it more than 3 stars, because of the chores it sometimes put me through."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What a pleasure to have such a fascinating book  read to me by two great readers! The main character, a 93 year old man recounting his life is read by an actor whose rough, gravelly voice perfectly embodies the character. The main character, as a 23 year old, is read by a much younger actor. Together, these two readers turned this book into an unforgettable novel.Maybe the book is every bit as good as a read, but having had heard it on CD, that's the way I'd recommend you discover it, too!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I used to love to read, however it has been ages since a book has captured me like this one did. The description of characters is both dear and terrible at times.  The description of the life with the circus in this time in history is fascinating. Not really for young readers, it is a bit lusty in some areas but not offensive to me. I have not experienced the movie yet, it will be a challenge to capture the quality of this  book.  I look forward to reading more of Sara Gruen novels."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I absolutely loved loved this book. The characters were easy to follow, to relate to . I felt like i was riding along, like i was a part of the circus!Jacob Jankowski : \" I am ninety. Or ninety-three. One or the other.\" Jacob is living in a senior citizen home, grumpy, depressed and starting to lose his memory . The author does a wonderful job of alternating between Jacobs story of his life in the circus and his current life.The details of circus life, the struggles, the sadness and the happy times.I highly recommend reading this one. On a scale of 1-10 this definitely gets a 10!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was going through my old book, looking to clear out the shelves and donate to the library, when I found this and decided to reread it.It's better the second time around.  I found myself wanting to strangle Uncle Aaron and to scream at Natalie. I think knowing what's in store for the various characters just built up the tension.My husband is a WWII junkie and so I have seen every episode of every documentary ever made about that war. But I learned more about the causes of the war and the thinking of the politicians from this one novel than from any of the documentaries.  If you are even vaguely interested in that war, read this.  Not just history, but a great story"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "You understand you have to like Hemingway. This work embodied his distinct style of writing, the spare, yet eloquent manner that is known as his. Hemingway's ability to saddle every word with meaning and emotion is at it's ripest in this work, where he writes a war story that encompasses the entire spectrum of the human experience, form love to hate, spite to sacrifice. While the Spanish Civil War included tens of thousands, Hemingway writes of a handful of people who represent the whole of the country. Heroes do not always win in Hemingway's world, but in their defeat, they do win. The bravery and ultimate sacrifice of the protagonist captures that bitter fact of life. This novel has a meaning and lesson that can only be appreciated and understood by those who have read it. It would be a loss not to."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Wow! Water for Elephants was recommended by a friend of mine. She loved the book so much, she bought it for me. I am happy she did!! This story was heartfelt, mind blowing, awesomely good!!!!!! Sara definitely has a masterpiece on her hands. Jacob and Marlena' s life, Rosie, all the crew, and other animals. What they went through and how they end up. I loved and cried. Camel and Walter, so sad. Water for Elephants is A must read!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "So many reviews have already been written about this wonderful novel, so I'll just say that I enjoyed it very much.  In fact, it is one of the best novels that I've read in the last 5 years.  The construction of the novel is clever, the characters are well-drawn, and the plot is very compelling.  Gruen made two wise decisions in structuring the story: a) starting with the big event that the rest of the story retroactively leads up to, and b) having Jacob Jankowski narrate the story long after the events as an old man in a nursing home.  These choices give the story extra tension, poignancy, and depth; they're the novelistic equivalent of adding 3D to a movie.  Gruen obviously did extensive research to capture what it was like to work and live in a depression era travelling circus."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for elephants is happy, sad, romantic, and exciting ,it changes from page to page. Just as something exciting happens it switches to Jacob struggling as an old man in a nursing home. There are plenty of plot twists and surprises. The book is a very detailed description of a disgusting circus in the 1930's from the illegal moonshine to straining horse trough water through a pair of clowns panty hose to make lemonade, and the red lighting (when they are thrown off of the train over a tressle) of unwanted employees.  Although the main character has some difficulty, you know it will be ok in the end because he tells it as an old man in a nursing home. During his time in the circus Jacob makes some very interesting friends, like Walter the midget clown, Earl the gentle security guard ,and Uncle Al who is way more of a jerk than he seems. Overall the book was a very exciting story about Jacob trying to survive in a circus and getting the woman he loves."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I bought this book when it was a Kindle deal of the day, although I had long had it on my wish list due to the many rave reviews it had received.  I have never been fascinated by circuses, so maybe that's why I didn't find this story to be very engaging.  The characters never seemed very real, and the story just seemed too implausible for my taste.  I did enjoy the device of having the protagonist tell the story from his point of view at age 90 and at 23, and I thought the chapters taking the 90 year old's viewpoint were far better written than the rest of the book.  While I didn't dislike the book, I certainly do not think it deserves the high praise bestowed upon it by the majority of the reviewers."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I felt like a bouncing ball in a porn shop rolled onto a circus train!  Between the poor character development to the stampede and the over dramatized porn and superficial sex scenes, I can honestly say that I would NOT recommend this book.  (Oh, and during the stampede, ALL these animals were in the big tent at the same time? without handlers? Why would Rosie be chained in the big tent during a show?)One of the primary editorials  states: \"Jacob is the only person in the book who has a handle on a moral compass and as his reward he spends most of the novel beaten, broken, concussed, bleeding, swollen and hungover.\"Believe me, he may have started out as a moral compass, but he went down hill fast until he had no morals left."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "EXCERPTED FROM \"GOD'S COUNTRY\" BY STEVEN TRAVERS\"For Whom the Bell Tolls\" is based upon Hemingway?s support for the anti-Communists fighting in the Spanish Civil War of the 1930s. He and many other Americans went over to fight in the war, which some say was a \"dress rehearsal\" for World War II. It did not materialize into the kind of idealized Spanish government that many had sacrificed for. The fascistic Francisco Franco ended up ruling an isolationist Spain until the 1970s. While the nation is now Democratic, the Franco regime was the final event that took Spain from greatness to mediocrity. Hemingway also wrote a stageplay about the Spanish Civil War called \"The Fifth Column\"."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoyed this book very much.  Full of detail and things I would have never suspected or imagined about a circus.  I must admit that I had some trouble with the scenes of animal (and even people) abuse but was able to skim quickly over it enough to get the picture but not dwell on it.  I know that this part of the book had to be told because I'm sure that it happened.  I did enjoy the animals (and people) revenge at the end greatly!  I especially loved the weaving of Jacob's story from old man to young and back again.  And of course the happy ending...well who could have asked for a better one.  Yep!  I loved this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "After hearing so much hype about this book I quickly read it before the movie came out. I wasn't disappointed but I wasn't the super excited about it either. I liked the perspective from which the story was told - a feisty 90-something old man reflecting in flashbacks on his adventures in a travelling circus 70 years earlier, while lamenting the indignities of his current nursing-home existence.  Jacob Jankowski, just days from the final exams at Cornell University becoming a vet, had his world forever altered when his parents are killed in an auto accident. Alone, frightened and penniless, the 23 yr. old hops a train, never intending to &#8220;run away with the circus&#8221;. Harsh conditions at the circus and an insane animal trainer are some of the things Jacob has to contend with living his life with the circus."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Being a born horse-lover, I have read Sara's previous books about horses.  I loved them.  When I heard she had written another book-I just had to read that too.  Her writing style is very readable.  You become immersed in the characters.  \"Water For Elephants\" is a book for all generations.  I had both my daughters read it.  We all fell in love with the main character, Jacob.  I can't say enough good things about this wonderful heartwarming book.  Highly recommend!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I am not quite sure how to rate this book.  It was a book club pick or I probably would not have read it.  I picked it up and put it down countless times before I could actually finish it.  I just could not get past the animal cruelty scenes.  Plus I am probably one of a minority of people that do not believe animals are here for our entertainment.  The fact that they were and still are, I am sure, in many third rate circuses/traveling zoos mistreated makes it all the more heartbreaking for me.  I had to give the book stars for the scenes involving Jacob in his old age and also for making you care about the characters.  I cried over Walter's fate.  The author also took pity on me and at least made me think some of the animals received a better fate and future.  I keeping thinking about Rex though..........."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Page after page this novel is filled with interesting facts, experiences and history. That it's a memoir of a patient/resident of a nursing home is a literary vehicle of genius. How remarkable to live the life of a this young man, one we can easily identify with, through this period of American history (30's, 40's) only to end up with him in a current-day nursing home, the finest of which are lonely places indeed.My wife and I just recently visited an uncle who lived in a very fine nursing home in another state and were pronounced \"saints\" by the staff who said no one ever visits these people. That's why I'm haunted by the ending of this book.I've also paid more attention to stories of the intelligence of elephants, their almost human sense of justice. Perhaps I mean their more-than-human sense of justice.A wonderful book. You will be glad you read it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Most of us don't know what to eat anymore with all the marketing out there, this book touches on a lot of subjects, I suppose it would be hard to go in-depth and keep the book under 500 pages.  I enjoyed it, you can read it bit by bit and look for certain information or you can go cover to cover.  An easy read.  It doesn't answer all my questions but at this point, I don't think anything will :)Also - fast shipping and a great price."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I got this on the Kindle when it went on sale. I'm so glad I did. What a wonderfully researched book. The details are amazing and the story is both heartbreaking and heartwarming at the same time. I had never heard of this book until the movie came out, which looks a bit \"chick-flick'ish\" to me but the book definitely is not. I have not seen the movie yet (waiting for the DVD) but I am anxious to see if its true to the book.I think people of all genres will like this book. I normally read paranomal fiction but I really loved this book. My mom usually reads non-fiction girly books and she loved it. I even have my husband reading it now. So by all means, get this book!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a beautifully written novel. I gave it to my dad two Christmases ago, and meant to borrow it for myself, but kept forgetting. I finally put it on hold (still in high demand) at my local library and had my chance at reading.The story wraps you up and brings you to it's world. It has been a little while since I read it, and I don't like giving out specifics, but I cannot find fault with this book.I highly recommend it b/c it will remain on your mind for weeks after reading it and you'll be glad you got to know the characters and their stories."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoyed this book as evidenced by the fact that it only took me a few days to read.  The characters are engrossing and realistic.  It is amazing that Sara was able to write the part of an old man with such realism. When I read a book, I also like to learn well researched real facts. This book did not disappoint in that area. The history is interesting and accurate.  The end of the book is satisfying.  If you would like to \"get lost\" in a great book, this is a good choice."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A sad story, beautifully told. Gruen cuts effortlessly between a faultless evocation of a seedy circus during the Depression - a grotesquerie if ever there was one -  and the modern-day life of an nonagenarian trapped in a failing body and a souless nursing home. Gruen's vivid prose and dead-on dialog transport the reader to a place and time, both physical and emotional, that does not fail to fascinate.  What in less talented hands might easily be a depressing tale of old age is animated by the spunk and wit of her main character.  My only complaint about the story is its ending, which I frankly found implausible.  But that's a minor complaint about an otherwise absorbing book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "HARVEY PENICK'S LITTLE RED BOOK: LESSONS AND TEACHINGS FROM A LIFETIME OF GOLF is a must have for any serious golf library.  Filled with anecdotes, stories and practical golf advice, Penick's book is a forthright, enjoyable read.  No wonder these lessons had such an impact on the likes of golf greats Ben Crenshaw and Tom Kite, both of whom were Penick proteges.Penick's book also lends a classical look at a classical game.  With all that's going on in the world of golf today: the exorbitant salaries, conflicts about equipment and vintage courses becoming too short, Penick's book reminds us that once upon a time golf was a genial game instead of a rabid business.  Read it and gain some needed perspective on the greatest game in the world.THE HORSEMAN"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Riding Lessons: A Novel,Flying Changes: A NovelSara Gruen's gift for drawing her characters as complex, whole, fully real persons is what makes Water for Elephants and her other books achingly wonderful to read. She so skillfully sets up the reader for the crest of each wave of the plot, that one is rooting for a positive change, a win for the character, while at the same time feeling the reverberation of their flaws and weaknesses.The book reads very much like a memoir, making it is easy to forget that it is a work of fiction. And, in order to sketch such a complex setting, I know she had to spend a very great amount of time researching the complexities of a circus on the road. I immediately bought and read her two other novels and found them excellent reads while seeing how she has developed her skills with each book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This novel brings one into close contact with the forces in dreadful conflict during civil war--Solidarity versus Brutality; Hemingway portrays both thoroughly. The story told by Pilar in this book seemed to haunt me  for a few days, the images were so clear, and as one will find by reading  it, it is a story which has a very grave lucidity, as if you wished  Hemingway would drown the scene in a sea of lifeless and complex words.  The descriptions of the love story and Jordan's internal motivations  immediately soothe the unsettling images of war, and the novel as a whole  works paradoxically to the point where both sets of images collide, and  leave the reader both unsettled and fulfilled simultaneously."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants is an engrossing story about life in an early 1930's, depression-era traveling circus, but is also about so much more. Jacob Jankowski is presently ninety or ninety-three (he doesn't recall) and living out the end of his life in a nursing home. He has family who visit, but they are busy enough with their own lives that he is largely forgotten. A circus comes to town and Jacob thinks back on his own youthful experiences.I appreciate the story's realistic portrayal of early 20th century circus life. The animals live and work in conditions that are horrific, but at the same time they are the lifeblood of the show next to the human performers and are therefore treated well enough to that extent. The author, Sara Gruen, mentions in an interview that many of the anecdotes in the tale are plucked from real life accounts. (For example, an elephant stealing lemonade from the lemonade stand when no one is looking.) Truth is stranger than fiction, indeed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This story alternates between present-day and flashbacks through the mind of our now 93-year-old main character.  The historical aspects of this book are incredibly well-researched and do a great deal to advance the plot of the story.  Unfortunately, the present-day scenes are rather dull.  I found myself skimming over those sections because I was eager to return to reading about Jacob's life working on the circus in the 1930s.The love story in this book - a tale of forbidden love between Jacob and Marlena, the married star of the big top show - is sweet, but ultimately predictable.  With the exception of one sharp twist, I felt that the love story ending of this novel is fairly cookie cutter.  That being said, I can't deny the fact that I was thoroughly entertained by every page."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is an amazingly beautiful book.  The writings are spiritual and absolutely beautiful.  They cover almost every aspect of life and provide inspiring, poetic and though-provoking words in answer to questions raised about them.  When my mother passed away, I read this book over and over again.  Many use the chapter on marriage as part of their wedding vows.  My daughter asked me to read that chapter to her and her husband as part of their wedding ceremony.  I cannot think of a better way to spend $10.00.  You will more than get your money's worth even if you only read one chapter in the book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoyed this book so much, I did not want the story to end.  Alternately told between the main character as a youth and reminiscing as an old man.  This takes you back to a time when the world was a lot simpler, if you remember the time when a circus would show up in your small town and just as quickly disappear.  The end is a gem, won't spoil it for those who have not read it.  I couldn't put it down, just pure entertainment."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "There were many positives about the story - 1)  Nice feel of what it was like to be in the circus during the depression  2) Great analysis of what it is like to be old in a rest home.  3)  Excellent voice characters for the audio.  4) Beginning of good bi-polar character.Negative - 1) Feel of the story moved from period piece about the circus to feel of Nazi camp where all leaders are evil  2) Instead of developing bi-polar character he was just written off as evil.  3) One big surprise in the book concerning the murder but not that monumental.  4) Three needless scenes that bordered on pornographic."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was enchanting.  Immediately you become under it's spell from the first words. The mystery, history, action, and love stories of the circus all wrapped up in one.The story is about Jacob Jankowski, the circus vet.  Under tragic circumstances, he joins a second rated circus and becomes entangled into all their lives, whether he wants to or not.  Bouncing between his current status, which is in a nursing home at the age of 93 or 99 (he's not sure) and his circus life, there is a mystery deep in the heart of it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If I live to be a thousand years old, I will never understand the hoopla surrounding this novel.  It was praised for its meticulous research, but while reading it I found myself thinking that it had been written by somebody who had never been to a circus, and I was unsurprised to find out that I was correct.  My first college roommate was a real circus girl, and I can tell you that Sara Gruen did not even scratch the surface of circus life.It's a rare writer who can write well in the voice of the gender they are not, and Sara Gruen is not eligible for that club.  If I had not known for sure that a woman had written it, it wouldn't have been a difficult guess.The story is so melodramatic, it belongs among the most florid of historical romantic fiction, and that is not my cup of tea.  I had to force myself to complete this book.  I wish I hadn't."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "One day I was surfing Amazon looking for a good read. There are times when I'm looking for something different that I just go with a good title. Sometimes I'm pleasantly surprised, other times I'm not. This was a pleasant surprise. I'd never heard of the book or the author so I came in on a clean slate. It was a wonderful read, one of those books you hate to put down for mundane things such as work and sleep. I was instantly hooked on the main character, Jake, and the life he led. Sad in spots, dark and violent in some places, bittersweet at times, it was one of those stories that pulled me right in and made it hard to say goodbye when it was over."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I can't really say anything that hasn't been said already by the other people who enjoyed this book. There's a reason this book has so many reviews, and it's a good reason. The story sucks you in from the start, and Jankowski remains sharp even when he gets older as evinced by the scenes in present day. Jankowski is a well-made character and the story is as believable as it is engaging. I'd rate this ten stars if I could, but I'm willing to settle for 5 as it's all Amazon will let me do :)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is one of those books that, when the end comes you want to flip it over and start again.  It begins with a scene from the climax of the book - a real page-turner.  A fantastic hook!Action bounces from \"present day\", then back to the 30s, then back again. Both settings appear to be thoroughly researched and are written with authority.  The author IS a 93 year old man AND a 20-something circus vet - even though she is a young woman.You will NOT be able to put this book down."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I found some of the \"old-timey\" phrases and circus lingo a bit difficult. I had to use the kindle dictionary as much as I could but most things weren't in there. I am still kind of confused about what \"red lighted\" really is. I need to Google that phrase. Anyway, beside the lingo I found a really interesting story. I never really think this about a book but I kind of wish this book were longer. I wanted to know more about the key relationship that the author creates. She really could do another book with material I think she left out, like what happens next.I recommend this book, especially if you are looking forward to the movie with Reese Witherspoon, Robert Pattinson, and Christopher Waltz."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I would have never believed that I would have enjoyed this book. Let alone enjoyed it to the extreme level which I did. A well respected friend recommended this book to me so I pull it up online and read the synopsis. Well, the synopsis and subject matter regarding circus life in the mid 1900's did not interest me in the least bit. Suffice to say I did not immediately read it. Only after subsequent prompting from my friend did I agree to give it a shot. That turned out to be an EXCELLENT idea. It was clear and concise reading that gave me vivid images of that era and written with short chapters that propelled me along to read just a little more each time since I was skeptical from the start. The story recounted through the eyes of an old man reminiscing his youth was pulled off seamlessly. It was like reading two stories. Now, after reading the book for myself I'm amazed at the few negative reviewer's comments. I'm reminded that some people complain about everything."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I love almost all of Hemingway's novels, but this one was a daunting effort.  Line by line, or a paragraph at a time, the writing is Hemingway at his best.  Yet, inexplicably, I found that as one chapter segued interminably to the next, the story and style became muddled and could not sustain my interest.  There is much, however, that is worth the time...themes of monogamous love, war/conscience, life/death.  The heart wrenching finale illustrates the notorious he-man's mastery to convey softer, &quot;feminine&quot; sensitivity.  Definitely not the one to kick off a reader's Hemingway exposure."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If you haven't read this book, you should definitely pick it up! It's definitely on the top 10 of my list! It is a must read for everyone. I loved how Jacob found an opportunity in the mist of his grieving over his parents' death.  He completely turned his life around for the better.  This book was not only a love story for me, but it was a book of adventure.  It had me sitting on the edge of my seat a few times during my read.  I like how the book takes you back to Jacob's past & present.  The ending of the book was completely unexpected for me.  I did not see it coming, but it's where Jacob belongs.  I think you will have just as much fun reading this as I did.  I couldn't put the book down!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I liked the ending of this book better than any other part. This mans life after the death of his parents was hard, as expected. It dragged on for me, until the end when he was living his last years of his life in a nursing home. his children disregarded him emotionally. They went to visit, but real interest in him was gone. They did their duty. He escapes in the end and lives out his life with the circus. The place where he lived most of his life after his parents death.It was good, not great for me."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I finally got around to reading Water for Elephants, it's been on my Kindle forever. I was interested in seeing the movie, but didn't want to until I read the book.It was good, especially the end. At times I wanted to finish just to move on to my next book, but at the end of I was hooked on seeing what would happen next. For some reason, I didn't get what all the craze was about though. Probably because I read a lot of really excellent books this year, including another circus book that blew this one away."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I understand some of the criticism, but does a book have to be a literary masterpiece to be immensely enjoyable?  The overwhelming positive reviews explain why not.It is well researched, but maybe the plot stretched a bit too far at times and low quality dialogues have taken away from the book's otherwise star quality.The depression era was well represented, gave a good realistic feel of the troubled times and the people.  Circus setting was pure genius, and made it so interesting.Overall, it is a very enjoyable book, very readable."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This oversized book is full of beautiful photographs.  Each recipe is accompanied by a large color photograph, as well as its region of origin and Italian and English names.  Italian cuisine is explored by region, with spectacular photos and an engaging essay on the cuisine of each of the following regions:  il Nord-Ovest, il Nord-Est, il Centro, il Sud, e le Grandi Isole.  This is a cookbook not only to use in the kitchen, but also to peruse for an enjoyable view of Italian landscapes and a taste of Italian culinary history and regional cuisine."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was suggested to me by a friend and I wasn't sure I would like it. As soon as I started reading I couldn't put it down.  In fact, I read it in about a week.  This particular book earned it's place on the New York Bestsellers list for a reason.An elderly man, looking back on the past and how it has shaped him now.  The book is set in the present day as well as the early 1930's.  It paints the picture of exactly what I would think a traveling circus would be during that time.  It is full of drama within in the reigns of the circus as far as the everyday workers, performers, and animals. From cover to cover the reader does not know exactly what to expect.  I would suggest this book to anyone.One of the best books I have read in some time.  I can't wait to see the movie!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This cookbook is truly a worthwhile purchase. Yes, the pictures are nice and there are some good informative paragraphs about the history of the food and regions where the food was influenced by. The the value of this book is in the recipes. The recipes are very authentic to Mexico. Such that some of the ingredients can be hard to find here in the United States.The favors are restaurant quality. Good presentation and the end of the book has techniques and advice on food preparation before you engage in the actual creation of the meals. Every base is covered, so I give this book a full recommendation. It's good enough that I am now curious about the other books in the series."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a well told, interesting story.  It  belongs in the historical fiction genre; the subject is the travelling circuses which tried to make a financial go of it during the Great Depression.  It is not a pretty picture, but as in much of historical fiction, it has a virtuous hero, and a very upbeat ending.  It also has an added dimension: the story is told by the hero as he resides in a nursing home, and suffers from the condescending  attitudes toward the patients there.  This aspect of the book was particularly good, and for me the most genuinely moving.  For that reason, I wish the author hadn't felt the need to give even this sub-plot such a \"nice\" ending."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Gibran wrote the ultimate way of seeing life and living in it. the importance of each relationship. The book was written to be relatable to every reader, all the subjects are mondain. The availability of this book is a great advantage that I don't think people are aware of. It's an hour long to read, but a lifetime to understand, if you read it you'll remember it in every new life matter or relationship.Buy it and keep it on the shelve for reference, it's an answer to everything. and read it carefully."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I didn't realize this was such a controversial book until I came to write my review. I liked the book. It is fast paced and an easy read. I did not like the explicit sexual scenes; I don't think they added anything, other than showing Jacob was nave, which we knew anyway. I didn&#8217;t like the animal abuse, and the fact that he was a vet and didn&#8217;t do anything about it, but if he would have he probably would have been red-lighted. The author did a lot of research about the circus in that era and it was interesting to read about some of the things that really did happen."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book - there are a few naysayers in the sea of positive reviews and there is a reason for this.  It is an excellent book - of course it is not air tight but it is a fun read and interesting.  It reminded me in some way of the White City book in that it took history, in this case of the circus in a certain time period in history, and wove a story around this history.  It took me a little less then two days to read it and well worth the story!ooking for a fun fast read with a great story line - buy and enjoy this book!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Take a chance and read this book.  It is wonderfully written.  Such an interesting book to take the lead character and having him in a nursing home, thinking of his life... and what a great life.  What a heart warming story.  I'm fascinated by the freakish carnivale life, and this didn't disappoint (but uphold) that theory!  If you're in for an uplifting tale of struggle and happiness in an unexpected way, you've found the perfect all-around book.  Enjoy!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "With a book like this...when i come on to review - i check the negative reviews first.  I could not believe there were ANY 1 star reviews; tho i did read them...and really found nothing i agreed with (obviously - i gave it 5 stars!).  But compare for yourself the amount of high reviews, compared to low reviews.I read many, many books - and have for over 35 years.  This is one of the best, in every way.  The writing style, the characters, the story, the way it develops - and i personally like the \"back and forth\" way of telling it... the remembering.  I LOVED IT.  I would put it in my Top 20 - and like i said - i've read many.  The book is great... what more can i say?  Enjoy!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "From the very beginning of this book I found myself being pulled into the story. The writer's style is easy to read and the vivid pictures being painted are like watching a movie. If you can not get beyond the fact that the love affair is an adulterous one, then you might not like that part of the story, but I haven't met anyone who has read it that couldn't get past that detail to be able to enjoy the great story. I was able to buy this one while it was on sale, but I wouldn't have been disappointed at twice the price. If you are not sure yet, then get the sample and see for yourself what a great book this is."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I wanted to like this book, but I expected a lot, and found it a disappointment.  The first half about Grania's struggles with learning how to communicate and trying to fit in with her family and friends was interesting and new perspective, even though a bit slow at times and not always that compelling.  As far as the second half, I have read other books that have dealt with the horrors of WWI, and this one offered not one new perspective or new point of view or descriptions.  I didn't see how it added to the story at all, and at this point in the book I really wished I wasn't reading it, but I guess some part of me wanted to find out what happened, and I felt that the ending was a let down.  Mostly, I feel that this topic could have been really, really engrossing, new, and compelling, but the book's lackluster plot and storytelling left me flat.  I won't recommend this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Gibran Khalil Gibran was born in 1883 in what is now Northern Lebanon.  In 1909 he went to Paris to study, but he did not like the strict education, and so he traveled, eventually moving to New York.  Gibran became both an artist and a writer, and in 1923 he published \"The Prophet\", which is generally considered to be his greatest work.  He died of cancer in a New York hospital at the very young age of 48.The Prophet is a story about Almustafa (The Prophet) who after living 12 years in Orphalese is about to depart aboard ship to return to his home.  Before he goes, a group of people stop him, and to them he teaches the secrets of life.  Gibran writes in a very poetic manner, and it is wonderful to read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "After having read the first half of this book, I was bored.  Nothing happened.  We heard about a future attack, but it never happened.  But then suddenly, at the last few chapters, it finally took place.  And then the book got so exciting that I sat there gasping for air.  I also understood why the boring first half was included, because that part was the one that made the last half in to such an incredible experience.  And after I read the whole book, the first half became exciting too. So buy this book, it is the best I have ever read.  But keep in mind, that the first half is boring.  So do not give up.  Keep reading it to the end, and I promise you the best reading experience you have ever had. It is the first book by Hemmingway I have read, but it will not be the last."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Kahlil Gibran (1883-1931), the Lebanese-American poet and mystic never wrote anything finer than this 1923 volume, his masterwork. Had he written nothing before or beyond THE PROPHET, he would still be remembered into perpetuity.Each brief chapter of THE PROPHET addresses an aspect of the human condition, including Love, Marriage, Work, Pleasure, Buying and Selling, Children, Eating and Drinking, to name but a few. Gibran espouses no particular religious, ethical or moral system, and yet includes them all in this slim tome, written it seems, with a quill of light, not ink.A Higher Power (by whatever name you may call it) spoke through Gibran in the writing, a perfect letter to the ages, and an ultimate expression of Humanity."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a wonderfully poignant book that slides seamlessly between the 90 Plus year old Jacob, and his remembrances of his youth when he was 23 and spent time with a traveling circus as its Veterinarian.  The frailities of Jacob who is now in the Nursing Home is portrayed so realistically that it almost seems like those parts of the story are actually written by an old person.  In counterpoint, the story of the younger Jacob's traveling circus adventures seems the same way, as if the author has actually experienced this lifestyle.  With twists and turns, heart melting moments of happiness, heart-wrenching moments of anger and sadness, this book is one that, once started, is hard to put down.  You'll be glad you chose this book to read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Intrinsically, this book utilizes a flowing a cleaver way to express the ideological interpretations of the author. While, personally, I found nothing profound in the ideologies expressed in the book, I did find it, simply a pleasure to read. Even with the lack of philosophical epiphany, the style of the book in its fluid manner, the parallel structure of the chapters, and the brevity combined with the larger font in the piece, leave the reader, whether they agree with the philosophies therein or not, in a state of solemn peace and the feeling that they have not wasted their time. As, really, they probably have not, it really did not waste my time anyway; it only took a little over an hour to read (with breaks)."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was apprehensive about reading this book since I watched the movie first. I didn't want to compare and then end up with mixed feelings. I'm so happy that I did watch the movie first because I feel I had a better view of the books layout. The story kept me on the edge of my seat even though I had expectations for the events outcomes. I love that the story of Jacob was related to the bible and I commend the author for that. Amazing book. I love the feeling after reading an outstanding  book and this is surely one of them. Excellent job."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I am very interested in the time period of this story and setting. I am refreshed by their hard times, their often cruel lives and how they could even make it from day to day. There was one moment early in the book, I almost laid it down and didn't pick it up for it was so oppressive to me. I am an avid animal lover so I felt a double punch to the gut. Yes, I cried. Overall, it was a journey, through hard times...but you know what? They made it, and will continue."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I am never into the 'Oprah's book club' genre type of books, however I saw that a movie was being made of it, read the synopsis and gave it a try. I wasn't disappointed. What an enjoyable read! While the ending was a bit cliche, it was still a very interesting and entertaining book. The author weaving the past with the present really moved the story along and helped gain sympathy for our lead character. I would definitely recommend this book - especially to all those that don't usually appreciate the 'book of the month club' type of books. And even though I'm probably one of the only people I know that is NOT into Rob Pattinson, (LOL!) I would definitely like to see this movie. I read this on my Kindle and wish I had bought it in paperback so I could have shared it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was a quick read, and I thought it was very interesting. The reader gets a close up view of the inner workings of the circus, the performers, animal caretakers, etc, mixed in with a love story of sorts. However, even though the book was good, it was not great. It's not one I'd want to keep, or read again. The author introduced too many characters too quickly, and only after reading on for awhile do you sort them out. I didn't really come to love any of the characters enough to care much about what happened to them. The plot seemed weak, character development weak. I liked the HBO series Carnivale, and although this is also a circus book, it was slightly disappointing to me."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I first heard about Water for Elephants as a project that began during NaNoWrimo a few years back when I was trying NaNoWrimo for the first time. It was inspiring to hear.Yet it took me years to get around to reading this book despite many recommendations.I LOVED it!The author did a lovely job of handling so many characters big and small. She kept solid control over their little quirks, tics, etc.I particularly enjoyed seeing everything first-person present through Jacob's eyes, but I do think he was more of a woman's man than a man's man. Not that I need him to be a boar or a brute, but he was a touch more on the emotional swing side than I generally like in male characters in stories of this ilk.Didn't really matter though, because the whole package of this tale enchanted me.Wholeheartedly recommend (but be prepared to be disappointed with the movie if you read the book first)."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was slow to start but once I got into it I could not put it down.  It twisted and turned all over the place.  It was such a relief despite some of the more depressing points that it had a great happy ending.  The author did a great job giving Rosie the elephant human characteristics.  I liked that it was told from the point of view of an older man looking back.  Even his ending to the story was an amazing one.  I would definantly recommend this book to a friend."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was an incredible read and a quick read if you want something to captivate you for a trip.  For fictional history it's clear the author did her homework.  The author took many real events and spun them into the journey of a fictional character through a composite circus during the depression.  The story is exciting and hard to put down.  The intro leaves you wondering throughout the whole story.  Its very easy to relate to the main character and feel what he feels, stress, confusion, love...  I can't say much else without giving away the books little secrets."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'd never read anything by Sarah Gruen before and I'd heard a lot of hype about this book due to the release of the movie. I decided to hold off watching the film until I'd had a chance to see for myself how the book was.I'm so glad I waited.This book had me from it's opening pages all the way to the close. The descriptions of life in a traveling circus were gritty and made me feel as if I were really on that train, traveling with Jacob, Walter, and Camel. Ms. Gruen's character developments were also incredible, and as a writer myself, I found myself wishing I had one iota of her talent for bringing them to life so vividly.The story is well paced, with just hints from the elder Jacob as to how his life turned out. I liked the transition from old voice to young and felt as if I could \"see\" the character both ways.All in all, a fantastic read!Nephilim"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was part of my wife's book club. The club loved it. So, I finally picked it up and started reading it. As a quick note subject matter for a book does not matter to me. I care about good stories with great characters and this book has it from cover-to-cover.Logically, I can't think why I would want to read a story set in the 1930s about the circus, but there I was reading it night after night. It's a fascinating story with superb description that is slippery-easy to read.I don't know what your hesitation is...read this book. There are tens of thousands of worse ones out there."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was first drawn to this novel based on a short synopsis I had read on Amazon, and after many views decided to buy the novel.  I have never been so pleased with a book purchase as I am with this one.  Just reading the jacket alone draws you in to Gruen's amazing literary ability.  I finished the book about a  month ago, and am now on to Kite Runner, yet I can't help to be disappointed as I keep comparing it to Water for Elephants and am coming up short.  Congrats to Sara Gruen, I am absolutely blown away by how well this woman can not only write, but how easily one can picture the entire novel and feel as though they are right there at the circus.  The last few chapters I found myself both grimacing and smiling - completely drawn into the book and upset that it couldn't last longer.  If there is one book that will stay with you for a long time, I am convinced it is this one."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Absolutely loved the book (audiobook actually).  And I have more than a 6th grade education.  Go figure.Not having ever been in a 1930's circus (especially since I wasn't born until 1953), I can't say whether or not the characters were true to life.  I do know and have read extensively about cruelty to animals and am not surprised this sort of thing could happen in a 1930's circus.  It was a believable story to me and loved the ending.I listened to the book on audiotape on my morning walks and I intend to buy a hard cover copy of the book because it is one I will reread again and want to keep in my library."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Gruen's novel is the story of one man's life.  It is presented both as a recollection of a 93 year old man reflecting on his youth, as well as the current story of the matured man.  The central story revolves around a character that drops out of school after a family tragedy.  Being the depression and few work opportunities available, the character finds himself working with a circus.  The author clearly researched the subject and provides historical photos to provide the reader assistance with the visualization.  Overall, the book was enjoyable up until the last chapter.  I feel like I would have been much happier if the author left this chapter off all together as it in implausible and affected my entire view of the book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Then check out the passage when he falls to nothing.  This is the best war book (along with Tim Obriens The Things They Carried which is way different, and about a different war, but equally powerful) that I have  read.  It exhibits everything and gets to the point of life and its lack of  purpose if you cannot find something worth dying for, and that that purpose  is not the real purpose at all when it comes down to dying.  This is not a  dark book, nor is it self-pitying as I imagine a less able writer would  make it so soon.  It is not even depressing, it is exciting and touching  and well-written.  And there's winesacks as well.  &quot;the bell tolls for  thou,&quot; he quotes.  This book gets to the connectedness and loneliness  of people."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Outstanding!Refreshing new topic, new ideas, utterly wonderful.A dark comedy, love-story about a circus during the Depression. The characters are developed and strong. The plot not missing a beat. And the animals, gotta love the animals and their personalities!Jacob is in vet school, until he drops out suddenly. He leaves his exam and walks all night until he no longer can manage another step. As he rests, a train comes down the tracks, in the middle of nowhere. He runs as fast as he can and jumps the train. It's all over as Jacob discovers he is on a carnies-train! He befriends \"Camel\", a circus hand who recruits Jacob to join.Interesting, dark, and wonderfully full. They style and measure by which M. Gruen writes is so welcoming and it is evident by her comments that she paid attention to details in her research.Would definitely read again!5 out of 5"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What a wonderful story of a rag-tag bunch of people and animals, who just happened to be called a circus!  They traveled by train during the depression and had some fascinating adventures along the way.  We meet Jacob Jankowski, a young man who accidently lands  on the train.  He decides to stay and become the circus veterinarian.  He meets lovely Marlena and her evil husband, August.  Of course he falls in love with her, but the husband is a force to be reckoned with.  There is also Walter (Kinko)the clown, Big Al, Camel, and of course Rosie the Elephant.  The ending is extremely satisfying.  This book is well-researched and authentic.  I loved it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants is a small step up from chick-lit, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, if it's what you're looking for.  A great read for the beach, or a good light read in-bewteen heavier or darker novels.As mentioned in other reviews, the character development was on the poor side, and the plot was pretty predictable (kind of hokey).  I felt the reading level was quite low, which made it a quick read, but not the brightest one.  Everything was pretty spoon-fed to the reader...there was no need for me to think about anything.  I prefer a bit more of a challenge."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "After reading several reviews, I think that many readers may have missed the entire point of \"Water for Elephants\".  Some reviewers said that the book didn't say much about circus life and some say they did not care about learning about the circus. \"WFE\" teaches us that it is ok to rememeber fondly those most rewarding experiences throughout your life but also that it is never too late to create new experiences.  It also provides us with a unique perspective of everyday life in a senior living facility...a place that many of us may end up in one day."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Although this is a work of fiction, author Sara Gruen did extensive research into the circus world during the Depression years.  She weaves some real-life incidents into the story of Jacob Jankowski, a beloved only son who is well on his way to becoming a veterinarian.  Shortly before he is due to graduate, his parents are killed in a car accident and he is left penniless.  He accidentally climbs on a circus train and his fate is then sealed.  Despite the fact that he has not finished his veterinary training, he is taken on as a circus vet.  The story is told by Jacob when he is 90 or 93 (he can't remember which) and is waiting for his family to come and take him to the cicus.  The book is interesting and creative, and is a very good read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was amazing. The pace is almost like the circus train itself: it starts chugging forward slowly and then before you know it, you're flying so fast you can barely keep your balance! Gruen's writing is so evocative -- you feel like you are on that train and in those tents. You taste the food, smell the smells, hear the sounds, feel the animals and the movement of the train. It's amazing that she could write so vividly about an era in history with which she had no prior knowledge before writing the book.The only thing I didn't like about it were the scenes involving animal cruelty. I knew they would be there, given the subject matter, but it was still difficult. However, I give Gruen credit for not making them gratuitous. They were important to developing the story line and the characters.All in all, a great ride!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is almost as if Kahlil Gibran took the pains and joys of millions of people and somehow managed to encapsulate all these wonders in this one book.  In his own unique manner, Gibran has explored every facet  of human existence.  Although the book has a sacred charm to it, there is a  universal appeal that should allow anyone of any religious persuassion  enjoy this gem of a book. I wouldn't be surprised if a few hundred years  from now some theologians unearth this book and conclude that it was a  bible of our times."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had to force myself to finish this and was continually disgusted with the animal cruelty. Maybe I should have stuck w/the gut instinct that I don't usually care for historical fiction? Gruen's insight into the minds of the aging is wonderful - she should have written something focusing on that. This book could also have been about 75 pages shorter and was painfully slow at times. The writing was not \"stellar\" - I just don't see all the hype but for the millions that loved it I'm glad for you - just be prepared if you haven't read it to wince w/some of the scenes."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I know Beryl Bainbrige is a great writer but...this was my first Bainbridge novel and I didn't enjoy it very much. Am I not getting it? I have so many questions unanswered by this book. Why were Dr. Potter and Myrtle suffering through the Crimean war when they didn't have to be there? Was it Myrtle's utter devotion that kept her there? Why was Potter there? Were they camp followers? Also, did Myrtle bear Georgie and his wife's children for them because the wife couldn't? Or am I dreaming? There seems so much allusion in this book and I feel dumb for not getting what the other reviewers are getting from it. For me, it wasn't clear or easy to follow and I am not a stupid person. I'm a bit disappointed but will try another book of hers and hope that I will enjoy it more.."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'm reading these books in series and I've just recently finished The Mauritius Command. I've given all the books in this series 5 stars. The title of my review suggests that this book is a departure from the first three. This is true, but I do not want to overemphasize that point. We get here all the things we expect from an O'Brian Aubrey novel. What is different is simply the amount of time spent on the various actions. In this book, I missed more of the intimate moments between Maturin and Aubrey, playing their instruments, fretting over money, and so forth. However, this does well perhaps to put us in the mind of Aubrey for this adventure.Readers of the other novels will not be disappointed here. And of course, the quality of O'Brian's writing cannot be overstated."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book.  I could not put it down, because I was in such suspense about what would happen next.  I particularly love the storyline of the character as an old man in a nursing home - having worked in nursing homes, the descriptions are spot on.  I laughed out loud at his antics, and cried when characters I had grown to love were lost to tragedy.  I have never read a book where an elephant is a main character and pivotal to the story.  All I can say is \"WOW.\""}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This series is really more like one long novel than a serialization. Again we find Lucky Jack Aubrey land bound and hoping for a command. Like in all the others he soon receives his hearts desire and the rest as they say is history. The semi accurate revisionist history is pleasing. The use of the archaic Royal naval jargon is like learning another language. If this installment we see more of Dr. Maturins true vocation as a spy. I highly recommend this installment to anyone who has read any of the past books."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book did an amazing job of transporting me to another time and place. Reading it, I really got a wonderful sense of the times during 1931 as well as the brutal daily way of life for people working for a traveling circus. I loved how well the characters were developed.I would have given this book a five star rating however the main love story felt a little too obvious and tired. The underlying love story is how the main character falls in love with the circus and, more importantly, an elephant."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The &#34;Winds of War' along with its sequel &#34;War and Remembrance&#34; have been around for a long time. Still probably no other piece of historical fiction better tells the inside thinking and decision making of WWII's major players.  Told through the eyes of an extraordinary Naval Attache, &#34;Pug&#34; Henry finds himself with the wars key decision makers during their most important decisions of  WWII.The novel is also about the plight of the Jews in Europe leading up to and throughout WWII told through the eyes of Natalie Jastrow and her stubborn Uncle Aarron, the novel shows just how easily the Jews of Europe were systematically gathered up and brought to the &#34;work camps&#34; where most were eventually gassed.The novel(s) are both beautifully and horrifically written.  Some of the finest historical fiction ever written,"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a wonderful story! It is all at once funny, heart-breaking, and thought-provoking. I found myself so absorbed in the story that when I had to stop reading in the course of a day I was disoriented for a few minutes before I could deal with my real life. That, to me, is a sign of a great book. I loved how seamlessly the narrative moved between Jacob as an old man of ninety, or ninety-three, and the young Jacob especially. There were no odd stops and starts and no chunks of time missing between past and present. And the end had me flipping back to the beginning to see if I read it right the first time (but in a good way)! Absolutely wonderful!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Okay I know that Gibhran is supposed to be corny and cliched and assosciated with the hippy movement of the 60's.It does not mean that he also isn't still relevant to anyone seeking answers to what life is about. The set up is simple - as a prophet takes his leave of the people with whom he has stayed for many years, he is asked a series of questions, \"tell us of friendship, of love, of work, of death\". And to each question the prophet provides an answer.For me the message that the prophet provides is that life is not easy and that the greatest joys can only be achieved by risking and enduring great sorrow.But that is only what I took from Gibran and his prophet. Read and take your own message from his words."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is one of the most fun books I have read.  From page 1 all the way thru. I have laughed out loud at so many points and then sad at others. This is a fantastic read. I usually don't like to read women authors, Tess Gerritson and Alex Kava are the exceptions, but Sara has done a great, great job. I can hardly wait now to see the movie. I hope Sara had a lot to do with writing the movie script.  So many really good books stories are ruined when it comes to be a movie."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was so taken by this story when I first started reading it that I told my Mom about it, suggesting that she would love it. I was almost finished with the book when my Mom passed away. When going through her things, I found a copy of \"Water for Elephants\", and it really hit me hard emotionally, much like Jacob's feelings when his parents died (my Mom died from a neural hematoma after slipping on a step ladder). Now, almost five years later, I was able to bring myself to finish reading this wonderful tale, and I am so glad I did."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was so well researched, that you are transported effortlessly  back in time with Jacob .  Upon learning that most of the incidents in the book are true, just makes this already incredible book all the more awe inspiring. It is impossible not to get caught up in Jacob's life with the circus.  The characters he encounters during his circus days are so real sometimes you think you can actually smell them, but it's his relationship with the animals, especially Rosie the elephant, that particularly touch your heart.  You won't easily forget Rosie and you'll be glad when Jacob can't either.  There is nothing more satisfying than when you finish a book and you feel like you also were part of the adventure.  I am so glad I was packed and ready."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It's hard to write a a concise review for this wonderful novel that would begin to capture the emotion and vitality within its pages. Read the Amazon description for a plot summary; but don't be fooled into thinking it's a black and white story about the Spanish Revolution.  Hemingway has an amazing way of capturing the sheer humanity of the whole undertaking.  The Reds, the fascists, the anarchists and the uncommitted are all examined and ultimately shown as being human beings first, and political creatures second.At the same time it is the ultimate war novel and love story.  Hemingway delves into Jordan's perspective of the characters and is vivid in his description of the Spanish countryside while also maintaining a near stream of consciousness of intelligent thoughts.  The simultaneous vitality and fatalism of the characters is amazing.  Truly a wonderful book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Although the book jacket suggested the storyline as a love story, I truly became engrossed in the life in the circus.  After reading the novel, I had to go online and check out historical facts on circus stampedes, fires, and train wrecks. Being a part of the circus family in the 1930's was no easy or safe occupation.The characters are filled with depth, and Jacob, the protagonist, gives the reader a true insight to an honest and loyal man in his twenties and nineties.Maybe it's not always easy to put in words as to the \"whys\", but it's definitely a book you don't want to put down."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I can't believe it took me this long to pick this book up.  What a great story and very well written.  I always enjoy books that go back and forth between past & present, and the author did it brilliantly.The only thing I disliked was reading about the treatment of the animals, but that is to be expected with a circus story.Would definitely recommend this book to a friend.  I'm sure the upcoming move won't do the book justice, but will at the very least draw some new readers."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "One of the most beautiful memoirs ever, not only about Renoir the painter, but about the world long gone of 19th century France.  In fact, if you wanted to recreate that world, this is the blueprint -- not the world of the rich and the powerful (Proust is the blueprint for that), but the world of the rustics, the rural/urban poor, the artisans.Jean Renoir's own memoirs of his life in cinema are also fine, but much more fragmented.  He did write like an angel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If you're looking for a book that's entertaining and different, Water for Elephants is perfect.  The novel is about Jacob, a 93 year old man living in a nursing home evaluating his present condtion and reflecting on his past. Through flashback, he tells of his experiences as a caretaker and sometimes veterinarian of the animals of the Benzeni Brothers Circus. There is adventure, suspense, murder, and even a love story. While it is fiction, Gruen does an excellent job of researching the history of the circus which results in an interesting and insightful look into what it means to be a part of a traveling circus."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants is an awesome story about an engaging character that had me sneaking my kindle out at work to read a bit more.I loved it from start to finish. Some have criticized the amalgamation of the Jacob story from the Bible and post depression circuses but it works beautifully.The level of detail and insight into the train circus world shows an incredible amount of research but one of the most amazing things is none of those details come across as research. They are as natural to the story as the characters."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The strength of the book is its narrative flow. I particularly liked the little catch-words that usually connected the \"assisted living\" chapters with the circus chapters. Gruen generally wrote in such connections, and I found them both ingeniously crafted and useful in uniting the narrative.In addition to telling a great story, Gruen gives a remarkably detailed picture of the circus world of the 1930s. I had definitely never heard of a \"cooch tent\" before reading this book, for example, and Gruen's depiction of its solo practitioner is thoughtful, humane, and free of cliches. The ideas of circuses getting booted out of town, of people getting booted off the circus trains, and of entrepreneurs cannibalizing the remnants of failed circuses were also quite fascinating.To the extent that Gruen wanted to make an analogy to the biblical Jacob story by obscurely dropped hints and anagrammed names, I think, however, that she pushed too far. This novel stands nicely on its own without this type of symbolism or metaphor."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It seems cruel to review this book because you can't get it anymore.  My old copy is held together with rubber bands.  I liked everything about it.  All the characters were wonderful; the history was accurate; the mystery and intrigue were mysterious and intriguing.  The secondary characters were almost better than the main characters.  Good wasn't always pretty and Evil was evil with reasons and, sometimes, even strengths.  You could hiss the villians and cheer the good guys but you knew that these people lived and you mourned and rejoiced with them.  When the hero finally wins his lady's love, it's a timeless moment. Her love is an achievement...not a casual tumble in the normal historical bodice ripper.  My only complaint about this book was it was too short and there's never been a sequel.  If you can find a copy, read it - you'll love it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As avid readers there are times when we are apt to encounter books that continue and linger in our minds once read.  For me, \"Water for Elephants\" was a serendipitous find and I truly and lovingly enjoyed this novel.  It's one of those books that you never want to end.  There is reason why this book has been on the NY Times bestseller list for more than 12 consecutive weeks.  As many reviewers have already recounted the summary I will simply say just READ IT!  I promise you will be searching for more of Sara Gruen's novels.  BTW, Apehouse is the next novel to be released!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is quite funny.  Especially when you read it fast as I'm always requested to do.  How fast can you read, \"big brown bear, blue babboon, beautiful babboon blowing bubbles, biking backward, bump black bug's banana boxes...\" And and it goes from there!  It's really fun to read aloud and plus it's easy for little ones to memorize.  A very cute book, and a very easy way to teach the letter 'b'.  Great book - ours gets taken to bed!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The various characters made this story interesting.  Each brought a part of every day life.  Some were misjudged.  I did not like the fact that one could not trust anyone well unless he/she were very well acquainted with each person.  the story was fascinating and circus life was presented as hard work, low pay, and no home for many.  I would recommend this book to imaginative spirits, and to those who trust and judge too easily and quickly.  There were some tender parts that were a relief from all the cheating."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Too graphic for kids, too infantile for adults...this was just an OK book. I read it because several people recommended it for our book club at work. Many of the characters were so badly drawn and one-dimensional that I lost interest mid-story. The August character in particular was the worst creation: he's a ripoff of Nathan from William Styron's \"Sophie's Choice.\" Marlena is just sequined cardboard. I enjoyed the setting because there's something fascinating about circuses, or else I would have rated this lower than 3 stars. For a book supposedly about people who care about animals, it doesn't have touching moments or much emotion. Vastly overrrated novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was very moving for me.  The way Gruen writes about the older character seemed so very well done.  Even though I am not old, I felt older reading those passages.  Gruen moves back and forth from present day to the past very smoothly and it is always a seamless transition for the reader.  Great story, good characters, loved Rosie the elephant. Very thought provoking and I really adored the old carny photographs sprinkled throughout the book.  Never thought I would enjoy a depression era book, but this one was really well done."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants captivates the reader with its deeply moving and touching storyline.It is charming,magical.... laced with sadness,humour,joy. The story of a young man who loses everything dear to him in this world and then finds meaning and happiness in the most unexpected and least likely place....a traveling circus. The book really brings to life the spirit and times of a traveling circus(set in the backdrop of the Great Depression). Its many colorful,unique characters vividly bring to life this largly forgotten bygone era.Water for Elephants is simply a pleasure to read.  The only drawback to the book is that there is quite a bit of cursing and several sexually explicit passages that might offend certain readers.If you can overlook or skip these rough spots you will certainly experience great pleasure in reading Water for Elephants."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "First the title, Water for Elephants is quite interesting. It catches my eye and has been since I saw it on the bookshelf. Finally with a copy of my own, Sara Gruen's writing style is quite detailed and specific but she has abundant of information and allows the reader to understand Jacob Jankowski, the widowed 90 year old man. In writing about the loss of his parents, he writes how he discovered that his parents mortgaged their home to send him to Ivy league college, probably Cornell University. He drops out and finds himself working at the circus by providing water for elephants. We know he was married for 60 years. The sccene in the lawyer's office discovering his parents' lack of estate was heartbreaking and typical depression era story. The fact that the great depression and stock market crash of 1929 is still relevant in today's literature. Sara Gruen makes accountability for explaining the details of Jacob Jankowski's life."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have seen this book on the shelves for sometime now and only just got around to reading it. It was so enjoyable that I read it in a day, I just couldn't put it down. The main character, Jacob, is intriguing without being over complicated. It is a peek into the history of the circus, all the while swirling a great mystery and love affair that will keep you glued to this page turner. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys historical fiction, mysteries, and a truly good read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Hemingway has a way of getting into our heads.  The characters are plain spoken; almost Shakespearean at times; with  powerful, philosophical paragraphs sprayed in.  His interest in bullfighting is obvious if you have read any of his work; and is not ignored here.  Against the rules of writing he uses the Spanish tongue; although irritating, he gets away with it.Set in the mid 1930's, and centered around an American munitions expert fighting to help the cause of removing the Germans, Italians, and the rest of the fascist armies from out of Spain.  He links up with a group of cave dwelling partisans outside of town.  Much of the book is spent on his relationship with this group and him falling in love with a young girl, whom he can never have.Some may object to the ending, but I found it fitting; \"I man's gota' do, what I man's gota' do\"Wish you wellScott"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I learned a very important lesson here; take a good peak at the book before you get it. The Scribner publication (paperback) of this Hemingway Novel wasn't the one I believe most people read. This was spattered everywhere with \"Thee\" and \"Thou.\" That really detracted from the story. Unfortunately I don't think even with out that distraction the story wouldn't have been much better. It also would have helped me had I known more about the bigger picture. I'm not that familiar with Spanish history and wasn't sure who represented what. Also a strange personal quirk; I keep thinking of the protagonist Robert Jordan, and transposing him in my mind with Di Vinci Code protagonist Robert Langdon. I guess it's the common name Robert."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It's been a long time since a novel about circus life has been published, and this excellent book certainly makes up for all of those missing years. It is a well told tale that is, in part, humorous, tragic, romantic and heartbreaking. The book uses the same narrative device as \"Little Big Man\", that is, a very old gentleman remembering the exciting and adventurous days of his youth, and the circus he accidentally joined. The characters are extremely well drawn, even the minor ones, and I'm sure that the author spend many days delving into circus lore to get the details correct. Being of Polish descent, I enjoyed the fact that the protagonist was Polish, and I was taken back to my grade school days when a character began reciting the \"Our Father\" in Polish! It amazed me that, after all of these years, I could still read and pronounce those words correctly. This is simply a wonderful novel, and I highly recommend it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Truth be told, I was not interested in reading Water for Elephants. The subject matter, a memoir of a 93 year old former circus veterinarian, was not interesting to me. But this book got such rave reviews on Amazon that I decided to pick it up. And am I glad I did! The book grabbed me from the first chapter. The author gives life to some very interesting characters and the reader gets a true behind the scenes look at the citizens who made up a circus during the depression. The narrator of the story is Jacob, who runs away to join the circus after his charmed life takes a tragic turn. He gets a real life education. So did I while reading this book. I shed a few tears too. I could not put it down, and didn't want it to end. I will highly recommend this book, and I'm so glad I read it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this about a year ago and can't recall a great deal of the book. From what I do recall it was like a poem all the way through. While the writing was beautiful, I found it ambiguous and befuddled with meaning that I could not identify with. When Gibran speaks of God, I cannot identify because I have since abandoned those philosophies. It is thus difficult to revisit them in this book. I have the feeling a may have missed something great about this book. Indeed, I pulled wisdom from parts, but rather than go back and read it again, for now, perhaps I will move on to another of the many books out there that are enlightening and worth reading. Someday, I would like to read this again and dig deeper."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The historical story was interesting and kept my attention, even though I think TOO MANY people here are giving Ms. Gruen too much credit.  Personally, I don't think she used enough historical fact and instead relied on a very formulaic plot-line that was very predictable, i.e. the love relationship, the MC and head of the animals will be foiled in the end, and the preposterous ending where our dear wonderful elephant kills the cruel animal director.  Too contrived for me.I can understand the popularity of this book.  I cannot understand why it's a runaway bestseller."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Hemingway is one of the best known authors worldwide and with good reason. As someone with limited knowledge of European history and a complete ignorance of the events of the Spanish Civil War, this had me engrossed and wanting to learn more. It had me so engrossed that I nearly wanted to go join a rebel movement and dedicate myself to war a la Robert Jordan.This book has the vital ingredients of sex and war and mixed together with Hemingway's unbelievably creative writing style, makes for one of the best works of fiction of all time."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was hesitant to read this book at first because I was concerned about the animal abuse. However, Sara Gruen did a wonderful job with keeping it at a minimum. I quickly scanned over one or two of the scenes and then realized when I was done reading the story, how the little bit of it added to the story.Well researched and well defined, Gruen takes you by the hand and leads you into the life of an elderly man who, from a nursing home, reflects back on his life in his younger years while he was a part of the circus life. Vivid and captivating, I felt as though I was a part of this exciting journey.There are thousands of reviews on this book, so I'll keep mine brief. Clearly stated, this is one work that will remain in my memory all the days of my life. Fascinating!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I bought this book in September 2007. That means I had it in my drawer for almost five years and I just kept postponing reading it (I bought it along with many other books and it took me a while to read them all; then other books got on the way and so on).  When the movie came I refused to watch it knowing I should read the book first. And so I finally made up my mind and did it. It's a great book. I'm not a circus fan but the love story is precious. It was interesting to read about the Great Depression and how hard it was to make a living. I liked the pictures inside the book. I think they were a nice touch from the author. And of course I rented the movie and watched it after reading the book. Guess what? The book is better!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book. It's about an lonely old man in a nursing home who's memories are sparked with the circus comes to town. He remembers back to his youth when he left veterinary school because of his parent's tragic deaths and joined the traveling circus. He details his unique experiences in the traveling show and of all the colorful people he became friends and enemies with. As mentioned in the title, there is an elephant, but the story is really about a young man's experiences as he struggles and learns his place in the hierarchy of circus and in life. Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What a fantastic read. I had seen the movie and I wanted to read the book as well. I am so glad I did. Though the movie followed it very well, the book gives you more in-depth information that leads you along, their thoughts and some of the behind the scene activity that the movie could not show.Sara Gruen is a marvelous writer and so descriptive with her writing. You could almost smell the sweat of the men, the hay, the booze. You could hear the music and feel the drums pounding as the animals entered the Big Top.The story was so well told that it made you feel what Jacob felt both as a young man and as a 93-year-old man.I highly recommend it to anyone!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Having recently come back from Paris, I went through a Hemingway phase, starting with his memoirs of his Paris days, then I stumbled on this book.The stumbling was a fortunate accident, for this book is amazing.  Hemingway's short but powerful prose is in perfect form. I actually find  Hemingway and Gabriel Garcia Marquez similar in their ability to capture a  thought completely in one sentence- even though their actual sentences are  different.Hemingway perfectly captures poignant emotions, and the  sentence sparsity adds to the strength and description beautifully.I  also agree with one of the other reviewers above, in that my appreciation  is probably helped by age. A lot of the emotions of loss, doubt,  disillusion and love I only felt in my post high school years. It's a good  adventure story nonetheless, but might lose its power for a youger  audience."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For Whom the Bell Tolls is a fantastic book.  Hemingway writes heroes with fears, doubts, and faults so well that I feel a deep connection with them.  Not every man is a John Wayne; passing through life clear of purpose and without second thoughts.  (But watch a little tv and you'd think it were so.)  Hemingway creates characters I can understand, appreciate, and connect with.  Also, Robert Jordan's love interest reflected my own with my fiancee.  The book was fantastic for its story, its plot, the characters and the way it made me feel reading it and afterwards."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Possibly the best book I've read in nearly 20 years. An easy, yet difficult at the same time read, I found myself unable to put it down although there were parts so heart-wrenching, my eyes filled with tears throughout this realistically-written novel. Also, the movie based on this book is one of the very few which Hollywood did not completely destroy (but PLEASE read the book first!).And guys, this isn't just some flaky chick-lit...my boyfriend read it with me (HIS idea!), finished it first, then hounded me to hurry up and finish reading it so he could discuss it with me. And he doesn't usually take an interest in anything that's not Lord of the Rings-esque.So, go forth, read and enjoy-I own both the book and the Kindle version-either way, it's a winner."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I discovered The Prophet fifty years ago in college and have read it dozens of times since then.  Now, in addition to my beat up hard copy, I have a portable e-copy.  If you were looking for an example of an intelligently designed (pun intended) book of spiritual guidance, this would be it.  It doesn't care how you picture, name or define &#34;God&#34; or whether you give him a gender and a personality.  It just cuts to the heart of how to live and how to relate to others.  If Jesus and the Buddha teamed up to write a book, it might come out like this.When I first read it, I found some passages difficult to grasp.  Looking back, I now think that it was not because they were hard to understand, but because I did not want to hear gently spoken, intelligently phrased ideas that contradicted my own.  Now, if I could have only one book, this would probably be it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I turn to The Prophet for perspective whenever life gets distorted and seems to be on its own track. This book offers poetic and visionary commentary on some of the most vital points of living, and does so in a creative, thought-provoking way. I first learned of Kahlil Gibran and The Prophet during a sermon at a Unitarian Universalist church, and I ran to get the book. It's occupied an important place on my bookshelf ever since. It helps me realize that life is a process, and letting go is a big part of moving forward. It also reminds me to be mindful of how I think about and interact with the world. It keeps things in perspective. The Prophet is an inspirational read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I could write a book about this book but will keep it short and simple.  This book tells a very entertaining story of Jacob (never referred to as \"Jake\" in the book) and a twist of fate that sees his fate aligned with a circus after his parents are killed.  It's a very engaging book, well written and enough to keep you reading into the wee hours of the night.  I can't imagine the movie could possibly keep up but may give it a shot.  I don't see Robert Pattison as Jacob necessarily.Great book!  And for those who seemed to think the book fell flat - you're digging too deep for meaning - relax and enjoy a good read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A man in a nursing home relives his younger years as a vet for a circus. To this reader, not a very compelling premise, yet once I read the first paragraph I was instantly hooked. By the second chapter, I had grown so attached to the main character that I truly felt for the things that happened to him. The story is told in rich, vivid prose, capturing each character so well that they soon became my friends and enemies, depending on the character. This book addresses a wide range of human experiences in a tasteful manner in which this reader was left in a pensive, awe-struck mood contemplating far more important questions and ideas about human existence. It also needs to be noted that this book is extremely well researched and bases its story around actual happenings in Circus history."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My title for my book review is lifted from the editorial reviews, Valerie Ryan really nailed it for me.There are so many things to like about this book.  The very best thing is the firm grounding in historical fact.  This is what it was like in America during the Great Depression, this is why the travelling circus roustabouts worked and lived the way they did, because of the Depression.  They didn't always get paid but at least they ate.  Sara Gruen handles her historical data with an exceedingly light touch, she is a marvellous storyteller.  Memorable book, very engaging. I can understand why there are nearly four thousand reader reviews."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "ISBN 0394826922 - I'd already read and reviewedI'll Teach My Dog a Lot of Words (Bright & Early Board Books(TM))when this, the unabridged version, fell into my lap. While I think the shorter, abridged version is a great introduction, this is what you want those little readers building up to!A young, faceless, pet owner plans to teach his dog 100 words, impressing the entire town - including the mayor. Simple words like \"walk\" and \"beg\" are only the beginning of the plan. He also intends to teach him \"stand on Uncle Abner's thumb\" and \"paint the road from here to there\"... Plans, however, are one thing; getting started is quite another.Author Michael Firth is fantastic, as usual, with simple language made extraordinarily fun. P. D. Eastman's illustrations are perfect - they're fun and funny and complement the text. Kids will laugh and learn and that, to be honest, is who we're really interested in teaching!- AnnaLovesBooks"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "In a revolving first person narrative, three people who are close to George narrate the events of their mid-nineteenth century life. These narrations center around photographs taken at certain points. Through the course of the novel the idea of an image taken is made increasingly more complex as is the mystery of George who is most often portrayed idealistically as a man of high knowledge and wisdom. Through the carefully written language of the narrative, there are surprisingly human incidents and facts revealed that are startlingly human. These are placed in the frame of the historical context leading to the war between England and Russia. The gruesome events of the war that follow strip each of the three characters of their pretence and leaves them yearning for the image of their lost ideal, Master George. This is a fascinating experiment in looking at ways of perception, the identities they fashion for people and the personal impact of assumptions about other people's identities."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This well written story introduces the reader to the myriad of life that belongs to the Circus.  The author developsthe characters from the top brass to the lowest workers, who are sometimes thrown off the train while it is in transit.  Some of the animals are more important than the workers  The story is told in first person by a veterinary student who joins the circus after the tragic death of his parents  His young life in the circus is contrasted by chapters describing the latter part of his life in an assisted living facility where he is left only with his memories.  RB"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If you were a kid and experienced the train arriving, the parade of elephants, and the setting up of the big tent, this book will inform you of what went on behind the extravaganza!  I saw the performers outside with their buckets, but who would ever imagine what their lives were like?  I went to the side shows, ate the cotton candy and this book brought it all back!  This is a great novel with circus history that I fully enjoyed!  A perfect ending to those who wonder about Jacob's future!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The love triangle at the heart of the narrative comes right out of Sophie's Choice.  A beautiful yet disconnected young woman and her gregarious alpha male husband befriend and uplift a lonely young intellectual.  The climax confrontation and subsequent revelation of the true nature of the husband's problems are blatant plagiarisms.  But the thing that tipped me off early on wasn't the love triangle.  It was instead when a character named Kinko is mistakenly referred to as \"stinko\".  You may recall Meryl Streep doing the same thing when referring to Stingo.  Unfortuantely for fans of this book, the alpha male character, August, has none of the charms of Kevin Kline.Yet for all its faults I did enjoy the book.  It was very hard to put down, but that may be because the circus is a favorite subject of mine."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book, and it's companion, \"War and Remembrance\" are two of my favorite novels of WWII. I read/re-read them about every ten years. I find them exceptionally well written with clearly drawn characters who enter the traumic period of Western civilization's march through the use of the industrial model for the destruction of millions of people and an end to traditional European colonial powers. I find myself caring about the characters, their losses, and how they delt with a world bent on destruction; characters trying to balance traditional values while creating new beginnings from the ashes of a world focused on self-destruction and death. I have read most of Mr. Wouk's books and have been a fan of his writings for many years. You will not be disappointed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What a wonderful and delightful book! This is a look thru the eyes of a 93-year young man of his experiences with the circus mixed with today.  What an experience he had in years gone  by; what we do to our elders now because we are too busy with our own  daily lives. This has an absolutely magnificent ending...something quite unexpected and heartwarming. I hope there is a circus in town when I get to Jacob's age and my family is busy with their life. I think I would make a great ticket taker."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book! I found it very easy to read and get lost in the story. I liked how it was told from present-day Jacob's view looking back on his life. This helped me understand what type of man he was. I felt like I was there will him throughout this story. The setting of the Great Depression made the struggles and triumphs mean so much more. I found all the main characters; Jacob, August, Marlena, Walter, and even the elephant, Rosie, to be extremely poignant, especially when you remember the story is told from an elderly Jacob. The transitions from \"memories\" to \"current day\" Jacob were very smooth and I didn't feel distracted or lost during these changes. If you love a romance novel with hero and heroine, then you must read this book!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is one of the best, most inspiring philosophy/poetry books ever written!  I have read it over and over, though never tire of it.  It is a great reminder for what's most important in life and puts everything in perspective.  My favorite 'chapters' are Love, Marriage, Children and The first look. I am a romantic though, so the other chapters may appeal to you more....;-)  Absolutely classic and timeless.  Perfectly stands the test of time. My personal copy is from 1948 and is one of my favorite treasures."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is a classic of Mexican Cuisine. It's not as anal-retentive as Diana Kennedy and more appealing than Rick Bayless. The recipes are truly authentic and I have lived in Mexico for many years, researching the cuisines of Mexico. This book contains the majority of the most common dishes cooked in homes in Mexico and a great deal of the \"alta cocina\" works as well. I have made 75% of the dishes in this book and have served them to Mexican friends to rave reviews. This is the real thing. Marilyn Tausend collaborated in this book and it shows. She is an unsung hero of Mexican Cooking. There are others better known, but few that can take a recipe and make it easy to follow, yet as authentic as is possible with ingredients available in the US. If you want to cook like a real Mexican chef, get this book!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I liked everything about this book, but I especially loved the contrast between Jacob as a young man and his life as a 90 (or 93) year old. It's one of those stories that older people tell that makes young people realize they need to sit down and talk with the elderly people they know, or this type of story is going to be gone forever. Jacob's story of the circus and falling in love were so moving, but when you see what happens to Jacob as an old man, it is bittersweet. I was expecting the end to be much more of a downer - I thought the ending was very uplifting."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I listened to the unabridged audio CD version as I drove the last couple of weeks. I know that the book was (and is) a wildly popular bestseller, but I have to confess that the thought that kept nagging at me as I listened was why? I'm not saying this is a bad book. It is somewhat engaging. However, I didn't find any of the characters particularly vivid or humanly multi-dimensional. And as soon as Rosie the elephant was added to the circus, halfway through the book, I had a (correct) feeling as to where the plot line was moving, so no surprise ending. I have no idea whether circus life in the prohibition era was anything like this, so can't comment on the authenticity of the backdrop, but I found it pretty depressing. Altogether, a pretty so-so read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I can't say I have ever read a book that was even remotely similar in plot or storyline. Water for Elephants is one of the most original novels that has ever graced my eyes. I felt all the emotions Jacob did as I read, and the story seemed to transition seamlessly between the present, and his memories without being confusing as some other books can be when they try the memory flashback thing. It's one of the few books that I read that I simply could not put down, stopping only to eat and sleep."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was given to me as a gift before I journeyed overseas on a  spiritual quest to &quot;find myself.&quot; I never got a chance to read it  until one month after I was there and I had lost my job, my relationship  was very unsteady, and being so far form home, I felt completely isolated.  After skipping around the book and reading sections that immediately  pertained to me at that point, I cried, not out of sadness, but out of  enlightenment...Gibran wrote his experiences,and his thoughts on life, but  they are such detailed poetic accounts, it applies to everyone at some  time, his writings have layers, and therefore this book can be read many  times over, and each time a new understanding will come. &quot;Your pain is  the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding...&quot;"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I knew very little about this book before I read it. I didn't know quite what to expect; but I thoroughly enjoyed it. It certainly wasn't as good as The Kite Runner or other great books I've read (thus why I didn't give it five stars), but it was still a very good story. I would easily recommend it to others. The author creates a rather fantastic situation - a Cornell veterinary student who suddenly finds himself a penniless orphan during the Great Depression. The story takes us to a circus train, a love triangle, and an elephant. Gruen weaves a wonderful tale that I found captivating, told both in the present and the past. In the meantime, I learned a great deal about circus life in the 1930s."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoyed this novel .  If you have a passing interest in India's fascinating history, you will find it a light but interesting read.  Or if you wish to visit the sub-continent and Delhi, it will illuminate your understanding of this complex city.  Dalrymple tells the story of a city that has been ruled by Mughals, Sikhs, Hindus, the British and more recently regained its independence.  I read it swiftly.  Pleasant narrator/author, who added depth to the history, by plumping out past historical figures and including current day Delhi-wallahs in their daily life.  I would recommend this novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I first read THE PROPHET in college back in the 60's. The book had a revival as did anything metaphysical in the turbulent 60's. It had a profound effect on me and became a book I always took with me. After graduation I joined the Peace Corps and during stressful training in country (Liberia) at times of illness and the night before I left, this book gave me great comfort. I read it before I married, just before and again after my children were born and again after two near fatal illnesses. I am always amazed that there is a chapter that reaches out to you, grabs you and offers both comfort and hope for the future.Gibran offers timeless insights and love with each word. I think that we as a nation should read AND learn the lessons here. It is definitely a time for thought and reflection this book could guide us through."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "...so all I can do is add my voice to chorus.Gruen writes an incredible dual-novel.  The tale of one man, both fresh out of college and fresh into a nursing home.  The character development is impeccable, with every player on the stage being exposed to the reader to the precise level needed for their role.  As for the plot...this is such a fresh story, I had no idea where it might be going.  This was the first book in a long time I hadn't figured out ahead of time.If you enjoy fiction, read this book.  Possibly the best written novel I've read in years."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book surprised me.  I usually don't read the summaries on the book jackets because I find that it spoils the story for me and so I didn't really know what to expect from this book.  However, by the end of the book, I was thoroughly fulfilled.  I loved the author's insight into seeing things from the perspective of the \"90 or 93 yo\" main character.  I found I couldn't put the book down once started.  I also liked the Q&A commentary at the back of the book telling how the author researched circus life - especially the story about Rosie - to include in the novel.  Great storytelling!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I dont need to go into too much detail, as most of the reviews here have covered the plot.  I downloaded this on my kindle app during a horrendous layover at the airport, and it was nice read that kept my interest.  For some reason this book reminds me of Mitch Albom, in the style it was written and the flashbacks.  Looking forward to the movie, as I had envisioned the main character Marlena to look very similar to Reese Witherspoon during my read.  Pictures kept the chapters interesting as well."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is my second review on Amazon.  I seriously have a lot of catching up to do.I love books about animals as I am such an animal lover myself.  The read was cool, which hotted up at the end, although a little slow moving to begin with.  In the second half I couldn't put it down, I had to know the ending as I was on tender hooks all through the time.  I guess part of this story was very emotional.  Well worth a read despite the slow beginning."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A wonderful story!  If nothing else this is an insight into the aging process.  As a child growing up in the 40's my dad took me to  watch the set up of Ringling Brother's Circus when it came to town and we went back that night to watch the teardown.  I never saw a show until I was 12 years old and worked watering horses for my pass into the show.  I remember getting to hold a very small tiger cub that had been recently born.  It was a thrill I will never forget.  So very glad that a friend told me to read &#34;Water for Elephants&#34;.  I am sure that I will reread it again in the future.  Buy it!  You won't be sorry if you remember the circus coming to town!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "After \"Riding Lessons\", which I loved - and \"Flying Changes\", which was a huge disappointment to me, I was not sure what I would find in \"Water for Elephants\".  Wow - what a great read!  Research does pay off hugely - when it enables a writer to place the reader inside another world so easily - the world of the circus. This was a world totally foreign to most of us - but now, so familiar, thanks to Sara.  This book satisfied my three requirements - transportation (take me away from all this),  levitation (lift my spirits and leave me thinking good thoughts) and infiltration (let me get inside the characters so I feel I really know them). Reading \"Water for Elephants\" is time well-spent.  I'm happy to know Sara is working on a fourth book. I'll be first in line to buy it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "With all the \"hype\" about this book, I was expecting more-more plot,and a more interesting main character. And really it reads like a script. So often the author does too much explaining about how each character is sitting, their reaction,etc. as if in preparation for a movie,with too much explaining how the actors should perform.I do like the depression era and the circus theme , which drew me to the book.I am looking forward to seeing the movie but mostly because of the actors in it.All in all I didnt care for the authors way of writing. But I think it will make for an interesting movie."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Excellent read! Ms. Gruen masters character and plot with beautiful prose. I remained captivated and found myself caring for the diverse cast.  Ms. Gruen successfully evokes a sense of the times, the desperate nature of survival during the Depression, as well as one's attempt to salvage one's sense of self as age betrays the body.  The storyline is suspenseful, true to period, and woven through with a touch of romance.  The setting is gritty and evokes the reality of Circus life on the road and  the behind-the-scenes work required to attain the magical world the public craves.  Well done!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Others have reviewed the store line much more in depth and better than I can here. I loved this book. Once I started reading it, I didn't put it down. This is not a silly little beach read as it has been touted. It is more in depth than that.The characters were believable. They didn't do anything that was totally out of character once their basic personality was developed. The setting was realistic and interesting and a vital part of the story. The ending was surprising.Very well written. Very interesting. Worth the time to read and worth the money.Enjoy."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Beginning with &quot;The first six words I'll teach my pup are 'dig a hole' and 'fill it up.'&quot;  this book is absolutely hilarious.  I had never heard of it before my son came along, but it is one of his favorites  and mine.  It is whimiscal, clever, and just plain fun:  &quot;have a care,  don't paint the mayor.&quot;  The cadence and flow of the words are  masterful.This nugget will surprise you.  I hope you enjoy it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I finished this book as fast as I could. I felt the author was on another wavelength to the reader. I didn't care that the story was about this Georgie fellow. He seemed peripheral and the written perspective on him  oblique. The writing was good and I may try some other of the authors works  but the plot was feeble. Try Pat McCabe's breakfast on Pluto for energy and  a raw story or Ian McEwan's Amsterdam for a page turner with a plot of some  interest. Thumbs down for this one."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had this book in my TBR pile and really wasn't in any sort of hurry to read it. Now, after finishing it, I can't believe I waited so long.This book gives me an in depth account of circus life during the depression and of the lifestyles of those who traveled with it. I learned a lot. I however, got really emotional when aspects of the book dealt with animal cruelty and even human cruelty to each other.This is a must read book. The ending is also a surprise."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book when it was first published; I was living in New Delhi at the time. Dalrymple's writing astounded me, especially for one so young as he was then. I've thought of the book many times in the past 15 or so years, and when I learned one of my friends plans to travel to N.D. in the coming spring, I knew I had to gift her with this book. She will love it as much as I do, I predict. The layers of the city are peeled back through Dalrymple's sensitive approach to history and culture, and the reader is transported to places and times that are long gone, as well as those that are contemporary. Walking through the streets of New Delhi and Old, the reader feels as though the City has come alive in some other dimension. Voices speak from the past, and some of those voices have lessons to share."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What a great book!  I picked it up at my library after hearing it suggested at my book club.  I didn't want the story to end, but I wanted it to end because it was just so powerful and moving.  By the end I was crying from shock, grief, and sheer happiness.  The author took a subject that I've never thought about and gave it so much life.  I want to know more about circus trains and old time circus shows.  Read it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Love love love this book. This book is so much more than I thought it would be. Its beautiful, exciting, eye opening, and intriguing. I fell in love with the story and its characters from the beginning. Favorite character of all?... Rosie for sure... yes the elephant. Shes innocent, smart, witty, out smarts her humans and seemingly has a wonderful personality. She is amazing. But of course this book is not just about an elephant. Its about love, hate, excitement, tyranny, rage, and some real good laughs. Definitely a book worth reading."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I passed over this book many times but one day decided to take a chance. I was not expecting such a great read. Read the entire book in a day and was left wanting more. Such as, did they ever find Walter's and Camel's body after the train stopped? Did they ever capture or prosecute Blackie and his gang for murder? Wish I knew more. Maybe there will be a second book later. Meantime, for those of you not steeped in elitist review criticism, this book is a wonderful surprise."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "There were times I had to stop reading this book because it was so graphic.  I can't stand animal abuse of any kind, and I literally wanted to cry as the author described the treatment of the circus animals.  Some reviewers here have also been blasted for their criticism of the soft porn in this book, but it IS graphic and can be rather shocking.  I didn't expect this in the book at all and so as much as I wanted to like this book, I have my reservations about it.  Just be aware that there are some moments in Water for Elephants that are not for the squeamish or sensitive."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Hemingway really did excellent work when he wrote this novel based on his experiences covering the war in Spain. I especially liked his description of his main characters female lover.  It gives a good idea of what the guerrillas did behind Fran cos lines. I really enjoyed the ugly women who had in her life many young handsome swashbuckling lovers who were matadors. This reminds me of advice I have given to women many times in my life essentially if you are a women and you like a guy pursue him it's really a buyers market for women when it comes to men in that respect."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "On the simplest level, all I can say is that it didn't amuse me and I couldn't force myself to finish it. But I'm a \"hard sell\" for fiction, and I can see by the other reviews that many people loved it. Lucky them!On a slightly more analytic level, I'd say that what prevented me from enjoying the book was the \"voice\" of the narrator, who is supposed to be a man in his nineties remembering his youth in the circus. I'm a man approaching seventy, with some circus experiences as a teenager in Iowa and as the father of a circus acrobat in the Cirque de Soleil era. I found the \"voice\" of the narrator unconvincing, extremely unconvincing, as a male of the species and as a male American of the 1930s and 1940s. I couldn't get past that central implausibility. I found myself scoffing at the sensibilities of the pseudo-male narrator at every emotional turn of this quite melodramatic novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The idea of running away with the circus definitely appeals sometimes - especially when your own life has turned into one - but Gruen's gritty, real account of that life is enough to make me tuck in and contain my self to watching Cirque on tv. Scariest part about it is that I know it's based on the truth - not the story, but the time. She did great research on travelling circuses.The romance was gorgeous. And while I refuse to give out spoilers, I will tell you that she surprised me. I was sure the romantic outcome was going to come out one way and she made the change beautifully.The ending? Maybe a little saccharin, but why not? You can't leave the circus without candy floss."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Seeing Jacob young and old, and hearing how time affected him, and how he still remained connected to his history after all those years was  great. It really added to the book and really tied the story together for me. It was very dramatic for me to see how this once active and interesting man was effected by the years, and what age does to a person. It made me think how we cast aside many of our elderly friends and folks not paying attention to their stories. Especially key when thinking alone about Jacob's past. I have a great love and respect for elephants and at many times i was so angered in the story and could feel the emotions that Jacob was experiencing. It was such a strong event that occurred with Rosie, and without giving the story away was vindicating. Really don't want to watch the movie now as afraid would not live up to how i imagined everything or if they changed the story too much."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Interesting book that makes you want to keep reading, but in the end, it seems like the author tried too hard to wrap things up and make everyone happy.I find that the best way to make reviews helpful is by adding a list of books I love and books I hated. That way you can compare and determine whether you and I have similar tastes. So here is my list:Books I love or at at least really, really like:We Need to Talk about Kevin.Tell the Wolves I'm HomeWhen the Emperor Was DivineThe History of HistoryThe Remains of the DayWe Have Always Lived in the CastleThe Night CircusWater for ElephantsThe Sisters BrothersThe Poisonwood BibleBooks I REALLY hated:The Bear in a Muddy Tutu1Q84The Buddha of SuburbiaA Visit from the Goon SquadSun StormA Long Way DownWhen We Were OrphansThe Haunting of Hill House"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "and take a look at &#34;behind the scene&#34; of a &#34;train&#34; circus from a long ago era.  The book appears to be impeccably researched and the author has drawn on some stories that contribute to the books entertainment value and poignancy.Earlier reviewers have already provided a look into the plot so no need to reiterate.  I devoured the book in about three days and place it in the top 10 books read within the last year.  I found the characters, both human and animal, brought vividly to life and in a way that really made me care about them.  The ending might be a bit of a stretch for some but somehow so very appropriate.  Water for Elephants is definitely worth the time to read, imho."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants was a fantastic book.  Easy to read and interesting.  Most impressively, a topic that I never gave much thought to, Depression-Era travelling train circuses, was something I enjoyed reading about.  To be honest, I never knew there was such a topic.  Now I'm wondering if there are any Industrial Revolution cat juggling books out there that I should be reading.  Anyway, Gruen seemed to do a decent amount or research for the book, so I learned a little something about the topic.  The best part of the book was the fantastic ending.  More books should end like that."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Sara Gruen delivers a readable tale that's a tad too formulaic to be fully engaging. In the same way that the narrator of the story insists from personal experience that it is impossible to carry enough water to slake an elephant's thirst, I'd insist that this container doesn't hold enough water to satisfy a serious reader.Also noted: the description of animals and animal behaviors is approximately cartoony, and takes away from the whole.On the flip side, it is an easy read that won't occupy more than an evening and Gruen does offer up some fascinating historical details about old-style railroad circuses, which altogether comes off as plausibly true."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If you want to feel the sorrow and excitement of joining the circus and the sorrow of old age in our country, Ms. Gruen could not have crafted a better story.  The protagonist, a Polish vet student, of all things, joins the circus and therein begins the story of corrupt managment, the wonderful animals and the class system among the workers and the performers.  The reader is provided with historical information while the author paints a vivid picture of the circus train and its dynamics.  She interweaves a touching love story and a strong respect for circus animals, espcially Rosie, the elephant who only understood Polish commands! Read it - you won't be wasting your time."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Whether you plan to visit Delhi, have been blessed to have been there, or just want to read an informative, good traveler's (note: not tourist) tale, then City of Djinns should be on your list of books to read.  William Dalrymple paints a picture full of humor and fascinating detail, mixed with love and frustration.  Which is what Delhi is: fascinating, frustrating, fun, and full of incredible people.  Delhi is multi-layered and not easily explained.  Delhi has to be experienced. Yet, Dalrymple brings to life a lot of the feeling of this magnificent city.  More importantly for me, he brings to life part of its history, details history books leave out, alley ways that deserve to be explored.  As a traveler blessed to return to Delhi fairly often, I have found the details of Dalrymple's book adding value to my visits - by knowing which alley ways might just be explored."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book! Honestly the only reason I picked it up was because of the movie with Robert Pattinson (yes, I know...I rarely justify the reading of a book with an actor).  I really enjoyed the time setting for this book and the behind the scenes look at the life of a circus worker back then.  I also liked how the entire book wasn't just a love story and how nicely it was framed within the overall novel.  This is definitely a book that I would recommend and read again! And just as a side note, the move was awesome as well!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had some idea of the content of this book before I started reading, but was extremely impressed with the author's skill in opening the world of the Depression-Era circus, and the fascinating people who populated it.  Her ability to shift between the poignant situation of the aged Jacob, and the youthful enthusiasm and passion of the youthful Jacob made this novel 'work' better than most I've read in years.  The ending did catch me by surprise, and was absolutely delightful in all respects.  I will commend this book to the attention of anyone who wants to look through a window on the past, and the believable people who occupied that world -- told in the words of a very gifted author."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book definitely is number one on my list of favorite books (and I read A LOT).  The story is gripping, beautiful and a little sad in some parts.  It's one of those books that you start reading then constantly stop in the middle of whatever you're doing to read \"just one more chapter\".  The writer doesn't leave the reader hanging, wondering what happened to all of the characters but it's not a predictable ending.  Read this book, you will not regret it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Given the number and quality of this book's other reviews on this site, I'll keep my comments short.  When a reader has a book that contains an otherwise unfamiliar setting made familiar though amazingly extensive detail, fully developed characters, a strong storyline, and subtly woven literary themes, they have a great book.  Water for Elephants is such a book.  Gruen's novel is proof that the combination of exhaustive research and solid writing makes an unforgettably stunning book.  This is one instance where the number of positive reviews don't lie:  Water for Elephants is worth reading."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I give this book a 2.6.  All those people Jacob's father helped in that little town and no one came forward in his time of tragedy?  It just didn't seem realistic to me.  Someone from immigrant stock with the pluck and drive to get into Cornell vet school is not likely to founder in this situation, nor just dismissively to walk away from his final exams.  Jacob wasn't a pampered trust fund baby; he'd probaby had it a bit rough all along. The rest of the story is just a contrivance built upon an unbelievable premise."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A remarkably fast read,leaving the reader breathless from tight action and tingling suspense.  This book reveals the glitz and sparkle of the circus, along with its dark and terrible underside that lurks barely out of sight.  The two time frames - of old Jacob and young Jacob - are carried through smoothly by Gruen, who ties the events together  with skillful repetition of words and phrases.  I wish there were more novels that take place during the Depression - an era that had such enormous impact on our society and continues to reverberate in modern times.  This book did not make me want to run away and join a circus.  It did make me happy that movements toward animal-less circuses have made a toehold."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Along with the Miracle Life of Edgar Mint, The Secret Life of Bee's, and Kite Runner; this is one of my favorite books.  I read it, gave it to my husband (who rarely reads a book)- he finished it in a week, and my 15 year old daughter - who finished it in a day.  We all really enjoyed it!  The way the author describes life in an old-folks home is hilarious and heartbreaking at the same time.  Even though it started with the end, we all found the book kept us wondering what would happen next!  Especially good for a book club!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The news of the death of Beryl Bainbridge last year made me want to read books by a very accomplished writer. In our book club we chose to read Master Georgie.This was a great disappointment. We should have asked for advice on what books to read. The book was nominated for the Booker prize in 1998, but did not win the award.While there is an interesting historical episode as the background, and there were different viewpoints, the reader never feels that this is a book that must be read. At times it seemed disjointed. There were narratives from different characters, but that style did not feel the gaps. Different narratives normally means the reader gets an insight into an event from different perspectives. This did not happen.So need to read other books to appreciate the greatness of Beryl Bainbridge"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Loved it! Absolutely loved it! The story was sweet, complicated and funny at times and it didn't leave me hanging. The story was completed and I love that! So many books leave you without finishing what was started and I liked that this one didn't. You find out exactly where the characters end up. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I could've done without the nursing home flashbacks, and I felt that the elderly Jacob's personality didn't match the younger Jacob's personality. At times i wished the whole book was set in the circus days, but then I feel like the reader wouldn't have gotten the sense of closer that comes with knowing where the character ends up in life.Overall, a wonderful story! I highly recommend it, and hope the movie doesn't ruin it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "At first I was hesitant about reading this book. I figured that reading about a traveling circus really wouldn't appeal to me, and I didn't understand why it was continually being suggested to me on this website. Eventually, I gave in and bought it. I pushed it aside for months, never bothering to read it, still mostly uninterested. Finally, bored one day, I picked it up and started reading. Two pages in, I didn't want to put it down.The opening is clever, leading to a fantastic ending. The writing style is charming, falling in love with the main character is completely inevitable.This is definitely on my top-ten list of novels. It is so beautifully written, I highly recommend it to anyone. It has all the mystery, love, emotion, and intrigue a novel should.I only hope the rest of her books are as lovely."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book captured my attention from the start. I love how the author melds the geriatric version of Jacob and the younger version so well. The narrator is in constant reflection and delves deep into the emotional states of almost all involved, including that of the animals. As the geriatric version of Jacob looks into the mirror, he can no longer recognize any part of himself. He tries to look beneath the sagging skin and bruising and still nothing. This lets us know what he is really missing and that it is what a person does, that defines them.  If you can no longer do the things you love, then who are you? As Jacob finally realizes what he really needs, we can more clearly see throughout his entire struggle, what kept him so drawn in and how relationships with strangers can be stronger than that of family. Perfect ending!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants took a little while to fully grab my attention, with the flash backs between the circus and Jacob's time in the nursing home.  Once it got my attention it held it right through to the very end.There were a few relationships that stood out in my mind.  The first was between Rosemary and Jacob.  Their relationship exemplified the relationship I would hope all nursing home staff had with the residents.  Her understanding and patience as Jacob flashes back and forth between the present day and his youth is remarkable, and her connection seems to surpass the bond he shares with his children.I never would have thought I would enjoy a book that centered around the cicus, but this novel was about so much more than just the shows under the big top.  It focused on love, friendship, aging and compassion."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I prefer Jean Plaidy's books to those written under the name of Victoria Holt, mainly because I have an insane passion for historical fiction.  In all of her \"I\" novels written from the point of view of a Queen,  the reader actually becomes that woman's confidante and you feel that you  really know her.  It's an extraordinary gift for a writer to make someone  feel so at home with an aloof historical character.ETA (10/30/09): Having read more Plaidy recently and finding her style dry and hard to get through, I wonder what my opinion of this book would be, now 10 years since my original review? :-)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Once I started reading this book, I couldn't put it down! Grabs you from the first page, and doesn't let go! A fast-moving read with lots of action, and no filler. It has love, romance, mystery, murder, animals and history. All while riding a circus train during the depression in 1931. Cutting deftly back and forth from the eyes of an elderly man residing in a nursing home, to the days he spent traveling with the train circuses in the 1930's, this story is gritty, realistic, fascinating and highly entertaining. You won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I really enjoyed this book!  I enjoyed the imagery of the circus and the settings, the historical facts of both the Great Depression and circuses during that time period, and I enjoyed learning more about circuses and the treatment of circus animals overall!There were parts that were disturbing - the mistreatment of circus animals, the mistreatment of circus employees, and the abuse of the lead woman.  But, overall, the plot was engaging and unique.  I especially enjoyed the flashback moments of the present lead character and his reminiscence of the past.  Make sure to read the Prologue! - it adds to the artistic nature of the writing style.I haven't seen the movie yet - hope it's as good as the book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Set in the Great Depression, Water for Elephants is a compelling tale, perfect for a book group discussion. Jacob Jankowski loses his parents in a car wreck and drops out of veterinary school. He finds his way aboard a circus train and begins a new life on the road. He meets and falls in love with both circus star, Marlena, who is married to the perverse animal trainer, August, and the seemingly unteachable elephant, Rosie.I was most taken by the circus details and the details from the Great Depression that Gruen used in the story. I was fascinated with life in the circus during those hard times. I also liked how Gruen moved the story back and forth in time from an elderly Jacob to a young Jacob."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is one of my all-time favorites because I loved the main character and the woman he fell in love with, but most of all, I loved the adventure of the traveling circus. Gruen had to have done a major league amount of research to learn what the circus was like in the 1920s. And my guess would be that she really did meet a man like the main character. Otherwise, how could he be so believable and so lovable?I have lent this book to several people. I know the author prefers to hear that everyone bought their own copy and I get it. But \"Water for Elephants\" is a book everyone should read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I don't read fiction.  A snob journalist, I believe my time is better spent reading non-fiction. Due to reasons I won't bore you with, I picked this book up and thumbed through the first couple of pages, just to see if the writing was any good. I didn't put it down. Read it through to the finish. (The last time this happened with me and fiction was fifteen years ago with \"Boy's Life\" by Robert McCammon.)Sara is a wonderful storyteller with an engaging narrative style, and Jacob is a colorful character with whom to build a story around.So, if you're a non-fiction snob like me or a fiction addict like my wife, you can't go wrong with this book. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When I read the summary of this book, I wondered why it was so popular.  It didn't sound like anything I'd ever want to read, but when a fellow book obsessed friend of mine told me that I had to read it, and I had to read it immediately, I took her advice.  Boy am I glad I did!  This book is so well written, the characters are great, and the story is absorbing.  I live near a circus museum, and am now planning a trip to visit because of this book.  I highly recommend it to anyone that loves a good story!  I've also read Riding Lessons and Flying Changes and am eagerly awaiting her next novel!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'm going to be careful here, because I don't want to spoil anything for potential readers.  Let me just say it is a great book, sometimes disturbing, but often funny and charming, or filled with action.  It also has a good bit of grit and tenacity in the main character.  It is a look inside a unique community that you wouldn't get a chance to view this close if you weren't being \"escorted\" by  one of their own.  You may be tempted to stop reading at some point if you are an excessively tender soul, however hang in there.  All you need to know for now is this, it is a fresh well-written book that you will love and ends in a good way so, have no fear of it and enjoy."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book, though long, chronicles an amazing lady for any historical period, but especially Victorian times.  Her wealth, influence and encouragement made wonderful human rights progress in Tasmania, formerly Van Diemen's Land, as well as in her native England.  After her captain husband was deemed lost in his search for the Northwest Passage, she spent over 20 years and millions of dollars searching for answers to what happened to him and his expedition.  In the process she made significant progress and discoveries.  A world traveller when most women rarely left there own local home areas, Lady Franklin is an inspiration for the ages.  The 'revenge' refers not only to her quest to exonerate the false slandering of Lord Franklin's good name and works, but also her victory over a harsh environment of frozen waste.  An amazing read of one amazing lady."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is extremely interesting, well-written, and detailed.  A good one to have in the hotel room and read at the end of the day (especially if you have someone to read some of the passages to, it is such good writing,) preparing for the next day's sight-seeing.  However, it is too heavy and detailed to carry around with you and refer to during the day, unless you and your partner are willing to share the toting, and one carries this book and the other carries everything else!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Residing in my mind are the words of a true poet.  I was given the book THE PROPHET by my best friend when I was young.  It has followed me through my life and has filled me with the emotions and practical thought I needed to guide me through the smooth and rough waters of my life.  I gave this copy of Kahil Gibran's book to a young lady with the hope she will enjoy it the rest of her life.  Thank you Amazon for having this wonderful work of art available to all."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It's difficult to know quite where to begin here, in the face of such overwhelming praise from so many satisfied readers. It's not that it's badly written, just that it fails to illuminate Master Georgie's life. That after all should be its purpose, particularly where, as here, that person existed and at least one of the events described took place. The author is content to conjure up others to act as prisms, which would be a useful literary device if they illuminated the central figure, but instead we see him through a glass darkly. I may be in a minority of one, but it failed to live up to my expectations."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As I sit here about to read \"The Winds of War\" for the umpteenth time, it and \"War and Remembrance\" are my number one and two of 42 years of reading and collecting books.No other fictional novel can give you a more accurate account of the actual beginning of those years preceding the entrance of the United States into WWII than \"Winds of War.\"  I know I am an amateur history buff of WWII, the Vietnam Conflict, and the American Civil War.  Not only does Herman Wouk give us a history lesson but he also gives us a monumental story of love, fear, joy, anger, hope, despair, and tragedy.Two books not easily put down and a story surely never forgotten."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My book club chose this book in the spring.  I decided not to read it at that time, despite the wonderful reviews.  Last week I picked it up to read while we were lounging at the cabin.  Wow!  What took me so long?This is one of the finest stories I've read in a long time.  It grabbed me in the beginning and pulled me through to the end.  It had a bit of everything---humor, adventure, romance, heartbreak.Water for Elephants is the story of a young man who accidentally joins a circus train in 1931.  Along with him we meet some wonderful characters---both human and animal.Spoiler Alert---I enjoy a story with a happy, yet satisfying ending.  This book did not disappoint."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book based ( embarrassingly) on the attraction of the trailer. however, upon reading the book, I have to say that it outperformed my wildest expectations. I loved the characters, their imperfection and their depth.  Gruen's Narrative is vivid, exciting, passionate, and at times heartbreaking. the personalities of the animals and their role in the main characters interaction (and livelihood) in and out of the circus; are really moving.  I also found it refreshing that the main character's reasons for join the circus are not the norm. I did find the leading lady a bit flat at times, and the summation at the end left a little to be desired, but the ending was still perfect."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When Gibran was first introduced to me, I had definite doubts that his work would be the ordinary, grab a dictionary sort of read. But when you first open to those sections that apply to you, and listen to the words as they roll off of your tongue and dance in your ears, well, shock is the only word for it. Yes, the ideals and beliefs that he expresses in 'The Prophet' may not be anything new as far as philosophy is concerned, but the perfect blend of brilliant poetry and this simple philosophy come together to make something that is indeed, unique. I've purchased countless copies to the ones that I know will love and understand his words. And if for nothing else, Kahlil's work can be labeled as truly, a literary work of art."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I don't read a lot of fiction these days because I don't havethe time, but I picked this book up from my Mom over my summervacation...And boy was I glad I did. Some books do more thancapture your mind; they create a certain feeling or emotionthat captures your heart too. This is one of those books.The author's voice has a certain cadence and style that sucksyou in from page one. And what seems to be a simple tale ofdepression-era circus life with an obvious outcome soon takesunexpected twists and turns to a surprise ending that had melaughing and crying at the same time.If you read one novel this year, I'd highly recommend this one.It ranks right up there with many of my all time favoritebooks."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoyed this book; it was like an interesting history lesson or a memoir and I learned a lot about the horrors of living with the circus in the early 20th century. The relationships weren't as well developed as I like, neither were the characters. But the variety of characters made the story very interesting. The concept of Jacob as as old man remembering the circus is a good idea, but I didn't like Jacob as an old man; he was grumpy, self-centered, and aloof. I thought it took Jacob out of character because as a young man he was very mild mannered and pleasant. I don't think that part made the story better."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This Book on CD's is terribly disappointing. The CD's don't play well in my car CD player - the player either skips ahead to future tracks or skips back to previous tracks or even occassionally to another CD. In addition, the CD's are packaged so poorly that the plastic binders that hold the folders for the discs come apart readily when you try to turn to unplayed CD's or when you try to put back CD's and have now ripped out of the base on the container. The product seems like a counterfeit product produced in a back alley in Bejing or Hanoi with poor, cheap materials. Extremely disappointing!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I bought this book when it first came out, because of the exceptional reviews I read.  I have never finished this book.  I started it, shelved it, read three books, went back to it and I just could not foster up enough interest to continue reading.  The story line is uninteresting and the characters were dull. I finally accepted that I would not likely ever to read it; so I tried to sell the book back to the store. The book store did not accept it because this item was not moving from the shelves!  It was definitely not worth the money I spent on this item."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Jack Aubrey's dreams of success in the British Navy get a boost when he is assigned as the Commodore of a fleet near Mauritius. But, along with the glory of the management post, comes the hellish torture of responsibility  for the actions of several captains less capable than Jack.Aubrey and  Maturin finally fully join their mental forces in the attempt to understand  just what makes each captain in the fleet tick. Each at their own level  (Maturin's rather deeper), they form a concept of the other personalities  they must work with. And Aubrey ultimately finds that even the best  planning can be brought to nought by one committee or another...This  book also gives us a gently amusing glimpse of Aubrey's life on land as a  married man. As with all the Aubrey/Maturin books, this is by turns amusing  and thoughtful, as well as realistic and picturesque."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What took me so long to discover this book?  I hadn't heard about it from anyone, just found it during a \"browse.\"  I've been looking for a good read for so long and \"Water for Elephants\" was right there the whole time.  I can't wait to read Sara Gruen's other books and when I finish them, her new one should be available.  She brings to life the good, the bad and the ugly of the circus world and her characters are vivid and full of life.  I found myself completely engrossed in the characters and falling in love with the main animals.  I couldn't wait to get to the next page...and the end was worth the whole trip.  For me it was one of those books that I was sorry to finish.  Thank you, Sara Gruen, for the beautiful journey."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Perfect finale.  Loved every chapter.  Can't wait to see the movie!This book terrified me.  I loved it, but it really scared the *beep* out of me.  Starting off with total devastation, Jacob sets off into the great unknown following the rails.  Hungry and desperate, he jumps a train and discovers it's the circus train.  I know it's a love story and a mystery and a tale of brutality in a dangerous time in our history for men, women and animals!I love getting Twitter messages from Rosie (like my husband said, you know things are going to be OK when an elephant just tweeted you...)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I feel like I stepped into the 1940's and I was right ther with Pug and Rhoda. This is the most detailed and accurate novel on WWII that I have read.The charachers are so alive. This Navy family are scattered all over Europe and the US in WWII. You go from desk jobs to the trenches in Russia. Briney the youngest son marries a Jewish woman who is living in Siena, Italy so you can guess where that leads.You read the horrors of Hitlers Final Solution. All the military planning and battles and the tender moments between husbands and wives.The Kindle edition did have many typo's in it. I did report it and was assured that it is being corrected.This is a great read and it is so much easier to read on the Kindle as it is a BIG heavy book.I highly recommend it to anyone who loves WWII drama."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I love books that make me feel the grit of sawdust between my teeth.  Sawdust?  Why, yes, if you're reading a circus murder mystery. Only, it isn't much of a mystery as you learn whodunnit on the second page.  Only, no, don't be so sure.  A lovely, you-are-there novel of the between-wars years in America, wherein one newly orphaned and penniless Jacob Jankowski runs away to join a down-at-the-heels circus whose owner has serious Ringling Brothers envy, complete with ladies fat and bearded, unfriendly dwarfs, and homicidal--wait, no, I'll give it away.  With an ending that made me smile all day after I finished the book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I bought  A Companion Guide to Rome by Masson based on 5-star recommendations from Amazon, and for me it was not a worthwhile purchase.  The authors (it has been revised several times) offer infinite detail and historical tid bits, but it actually offers little that wasn't already in the Green Guide, and it is too heavy and too much reading in my opinion to do on site, while walking around. It was a nice reference, but I should have looked for it in the library and just borrowed it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "In addition to writing an engaging story that offers a glimpse into a fascinating world foreign to most of us, Ms. Gruen shows herself to be a master \"architect\" with this novel, crafting a story that flows seamlessly between two radically different eras in her protagonist's life. The book starts with a flashback, so you know at some point it's going to bring us back to the opening scene. But Ms. Gruen does so in such a surprising and unexpected way, with a twist that left my jaw on the floor. It's not an exaggeration to say I was stunned.With Riding Lessons and Flying Changes, Ms. Gruen proved she was capable of writing good commercial fiction.With Water For Elephants, she proves herself capable of writing a great American novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I wanted to rate this a \"zero.\" WHY can't there be a minus stars rating. Totally disappointed. Over-the top melodramatic and predictable, especially since the ending is revealed in the first 5 pages. AWFUL, totally dreadful, prose. WHY, would ANY publisher (other than Harleguin Press) pick this tripe up! Thank god I got this from the library and didn't pay $$$ for this.I suspect this may be one of those rare instances where the film version might be better (but only if they make the orig novel unrecognizable). It certainly couldn't be any worse. I listened to the audio version while exercising and could not reach the fast-forward button--made my workouts twice as difficult. ;-)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I go from historical romance novels to historical fiction to non-fiction but easy-to-read history.  Each of them has its own slant on perspective about that era, ranging from history-as- wallpaper to up-close rendering, as if you were there.  This is one of the very few novels that manages to combine the elements of all 3 kinds of those books into a very gripping reading saga of WWII.  So you are given well researched history in a very palatable form. It follows an interrelated cast of characters all over the map with WWII, taking us deeply into the critical locales. There is even a fascinating account given by a German general, interspersed throughout, of the war as seen through the opposite side's eyes. Wouk does an incredible job and his sequel, &quot;War and Remembrance&quot; is almost as goood."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "We find ourselves in the beginning at a nursing home with the elderly Jacob Jankowski's.  When the circus comes to town We begin to find out that Jacobs memory is still there and he takes you back to an era in the Great Depression.As a young man Jacob's life gets upended and he finds himself on a circus train.  They realize that Jacob with his training to become a vet will be of some use to the circus.  He falls victim to the ups and downs of life on the circus train and the beauty of the main act Marlena.  And falls in love with the larger than life Rosie, the Elephant.  Everything and everyone is subjected to the mercy of the cruel circus boss and Marlena's husband.This story is really engaging.  I personally found myself laughing at the antics of the circus family, cringing at the reality of the cruel act of red lighting.  And furious when the circus bosses cruelty reached horrifyingly to everyone and everything."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The parts of this book that dealt with the main character in old age, were very insightful and I enjoyed that.  But quite honestly had I known that it would detail the abuse of the circus animals and then also the detailed sex acts I would never had purchased this.  I wish I knew how to delete it from my Kindle.  I also wish someone else had mention this in the reviews that I saw.  I NEVER stop reading a book, but had to quit about 35% of the way thru it, it was disgusting and I am not a prude.I would never recommend this book, nor will I venture to the movie."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "An interesting historical novel set in the context of Revolutionary Spain, but classic Hemmingway, it carries with it the important lesson of activism over apathy, especially pertinent to today's world.  It teaches that ideals transcend political boundaries and that if you believe in something strongly, then you owe it to yourself to protect that ideal in any part of the world and at any cost, even that of your life.  Intwined is a beautiful love story.  One of my top 5 greatest books of all time.  Thats a rave, baby.  The poem by John Donne at the beginning makes the book worth buying.A 5 because it is a great story with an invaluable lesson.  If you gain nothing, you still read beautiful prose by one of the greatest authors ever."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is simply just a wonderful book!The characters are well defined, each and everyone of them!  You care, you like, you love, you hate!The story unfolds with Jacob, at 91 or 93...he is not sure, and his life.Schooled in vetinary science, he finds himself adrift after the loss of his parents and any financial stability.  He joins the circus and meets a cast of characterS like no other.His love for Marlena, his ultimate choices and growth...the paths taken...andThen...he is 91 or 93...just read it...I can't wait to see the movie...it will be magic!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved the first 90% of this book.  Whenever I opened it to read, I fell right into circus life in the 1930s, as told by the 93-year-old main character looking back on his life of 70 years previous.  My complaint is that the ending seemed rushed and contrived.  There were lose ends that didn't make sense.  For all of the reality of the first part of the book, the end seemed too fantastic.  Did the editor say \"Wrap it up all ready!\"?  I think this would make a TERRIFIC movie--just wait for the rights to be sold.  A good summer read, too."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was a frustrating, truly awful book. While it started off interesting (a boy's parents dies and leave him nothing, and he gets caught up with a circus), it quickly became transparent and painful. He \"falls in love\" with a girl he hardly speaks to, who is married. He reacts when he should hold back and holds back when he should act. And there are far too many random, explicit, and unnecessary sex scenes. Perhaps if the author spent less time on graphic sex and more time on character development, this book would have been more tolerable. And the ending, which I was hoping would earn the book some redemption, was terribly disappointing and infuriating.My faith in the NY Times bestseller list has been ruined."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was an absolute delight to read.  Characters fleshed out enough to actually care about them and a well-researched insight into Depression-era circus life.As fare as plot goes, there's probably nothing you haven't already seen or read a hundred times over in romance novels, or Lifetime Network movies for TV.  Same material set against a new backdrop.Sometimes a good read is just that - a good read.  It doesn't have to be life-changing - just entertaining.  I love how it was all told as a personal history.I do appreciate the author's exhaustive research to get the circus terms right.  My only (small) complaint (and maybe I missed something) was that not all the terms were defined for the reader.  It does not take away from the storyline at all."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a wonderful story.  I first heard it on Chapter A Day and just finished reading it to fill in the parts I'd missed.  The extra bonus in reading the book is seeing all the fascinating historical pictures Gruen gathered from various circus museums.  I loved that some of the amazing things that Gruen discovered in her research about circus were woven into the story.  She began her research into the world of circus life by contacting Circus World Museum in Baraboo, WI which we have been to and love.  Gruen's book has added a whole new dimension to the world of the circus."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book grabs you from the minute you pick it up. It has intrigue, dysfunction, love, and amazing human-like emotions in the circus animals (from Rosie the elephant to Queenie the terrier).The movie was great, but the book had so much more depth and character-development.It seems so incredible that anything like this could happen in \"real life\", even during this period in US history. Tough circus life is described inamazing detail.The lopsided human love triangle adds another dimension to this book and its dysfunction. Would highly recommend this semi-fictional novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The photography in this coffee table book is just wonderful. It's a result of a project conducted on April 15, 1989, the 40th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China (ironically, just before the protests of Tiananmen Square). Ninety of the world's leading photojournalists fanned out across country and took photos, leaving a record of a varied country. We see Buddhist monks clad in scarlet, people practicing ballroom dance in public squares, hundreds of bicyclists pedaling to the rain plastic ponchos, a bare-bottomed toddler pedaling a bicycle, Muslim men at prayer, a psychiatric patient, and Deng Xiaoping spending a quiet night at home babysitting his friends. The photos are huge and breathtaking and a volume well worth having as a record of life in this vast and varied nation."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was really impressed by this book. It's an old man's retelling of his younger days at a circus. He's currently in a nursing home. What's amazing is how she takes you inside his head and causes you to see events through his eyes, and his mind. You feel his frustration, his loneliness, and how he's misunderstood.Older people in the home are treated like children, but inside, they're cognizant, at least some of the time, and resent this treatment, but are helpless to prevent it.The details in the circus era are very well written. You're taught a lot about circus life, the fun, the dangerous, the dark underbelly. Maybe it's not representative; it is fiction, but you believe it. She takes you there.One of the most enjoyable fiction books I've read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The best part of this novel is the portion in the present day when the main character is an elderly man.  His flashbacks tell a story of an impetuous and hard-to-sympathize-with attraction to a married woman and his painful experiences working for a circus under a couple of bad guys, including a sadist who abuses animals and people alike.  Throw in a fantasy-like description of an elephant's intelligence and abilities, and you can decide if it's your type of story.I read some of the good reviews to try to figure out what the draw is from this book, and I still don't get it.  It was a chore to read, and the only reason I finished it is because it is so popular I assumed I would finally appreciate something about it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When this book came out in hardcover, I passed it by.  No interest in reading about circus freaks.  When the book came out in paperback, I passed it by.  Still did not sound interesting.  Three people recommended it to me and then, finally, a friend gave it to me after she finished it.  Still, I waited a month or so before beginning it.  Within the first few chapters, I was intrigued.  I loved the descriptions - created a definite picture in my mind.  I loved the characters - I wanted to know what would happen to them.  Although I thought the end was somewhat predictable, on the whole, I found this a very enjoyable read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I found this book to be a very touching story with an interesting setting. The time period, the place, and the characters come to life in this wonderful story.  I don't want to give too much away but if you enjoy a book that makes you feel as though you are there...this is one!  There were times while reading this I wanted to throw a few punches, and other times I wanted to stand between August & Rosie, and times I just wanted to pat the hand of the older Jacob.  I'm sorry I finished this book...I will miss these characters."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I did NOT expect this graphic brutality when I bought this book; circus animals killed because of lack of food or just laziness on the part of the handlers. The story starts off in an engaging way, Jake the old man in the nursing home was entertaining. But there were too many instances of animals being abused/killed that I could not finish this book as it seemed to become the main focus. Too many animals in life are mistreated as it is and I do not need this information shoved in my face via a novel. This book should come with a warning to potential readers right on the front cover."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My daughter has been asking me to read this book for years.  I resisted because I read the synopsis and thought \"a story about a circus in the era of the great depression? Nah.\"  I finally downloaded it and gave it a go and couldn't put the book down.  Seriously this is one of the best books I've read in years!  I felt like I was right there.  The narrative shifts back and forth between old Jacob and young Jacob seamlessly.  I strongly regret waiting so long to read this book.  And for you Nook/Kindle lovers, this book is only $5 to download.  I would have paid full price.  It is a haunting story and often had me thinking of my own aging.  What will it feel like to be inside a body that is old and doesn't function like it used to, yet the mind still feels young?  I can't wait for the movie to come out in April."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If you like Old Man and the Sea, you'll love this.  It is similar in feeling and has a Spanish flair.  I seldom remember lines from books, but I've memorized many from this novel.  The opening quote from John Donne is  as deep as they come.  It sets the tone for the book, but is better  understood if you immediately re-read the quote right after finishing the  book.  You really truly understand then what is meant when he says,  &quot;Do not send to know for whom the bell tolls....it tolls for  thee.&quot;"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'm usually drawn to books written about the depression era, as I have heard so much about it from my parents.  This book is not only that, but a great insight to the circus life during that time.  I had a hard time putting this book down in the evenings (after a day at work), and it was good timing that my spouse was out of town for the week.  Very well written, a great story, and a page turner. I'll be buying copies for future gifts."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I just finished listening to this audio book and I have to say it was truly wonderful.  I felt the circus come alive, great imagery and historic detail.  You could picture the circus`s shows with great detail.  I listened to this while commuting and found myself really enjoying my drive to and  from  work, traffic and all. The only negative was the sex.  My tween daughter really wanted to read this book because of the movie trailer but I had to say no right away after just the first chapter or so.  It really didn't add that much to the story and wasn't needed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Not going to lie, I bought this so I could read it before the movie came out (Robert Pattinson fan :-P).  While it was an easy read, I didn't love it. I found it difficult to appreciate the circus life with the description of it, but the characters were interesting.  The ending surprised me, so I loved that!  Nothing worse than a predictable novel.  There were many endearing and HUMAN situations and characters of the novel, so I found myself rooting for some characters and hating others.  Not every book I read invokes that kind of emotion in me.This story is a some-what of a page turner and (again) an easy read, but there was some kind of disconnect.  I can't quite define what was missing from this book, but I think it's worthwhile.  Would be great for a book club."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was recommended to me by a friend. What he told me of it is that, just as The Art of War, this is the book from which you take out whatever you want. What you find in it depends as much on the book as it does on you. It speaks of love, life and people in the most touching way ever. I have it in my handbag at all times. When I first read it, I cried. There is literally something mystical about it. I like to think I took a lot out of it. One of those books you should read again and again and again.."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I honestly didn't know what to expect when I started WATER FOR ELEPHANTS, but as I continued on hour after hour, I realized what a terrific book it is!  Set in post-Depression America and the Benzini Brother's Circus, WATER FOR ELEPHANTS is full of emotions and flashes of great humor. All the characters, including the animals, all have pivotal roles throughout the story. This book is a great blend of history, mystery, love story and memoir.Highly recommend with 5 stars!!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is certainly an entertaining piece of work, one that will keep you occupied for the 4-6 hours that it takes you to read it.  Definitely not heavy lifting, but amusing and well worth the time.The story revolves around Jacob Jankowski, a 93 year old nursing home resident who \"flashes back\" to his early adult years spent in the Benzini Brothers circus.  The circus backdrop provides the opportunity to introduce numerous colorful characters and anecdotes (many of which are historical) that keep the story moving along at a good pace.The book opens with a prologue which is revisited near the end of the novel with an extremely well devised plot twist and puzzler.  I thought this was extremely well done.  The end of the novel, involving the 93 year old Jacob, was also very satisfying.All in all, a light, entertaining and easily consumed piece of work."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "In our hurried lives filled with responsibilities and all the stress associated with it, how many of us dream to run away with the circus?Well in Water for Elephants by Sara Gruen, the central character Jacob Janjowski runs away from his life's troubles to join the Benzini Brothers train circus.In this new adventure Jacob comes of age with the circus freaks, clowns, and countless animals that dazzle the imagination of the many that come to peek into a world of wonder. He discovers love, hard work, and his passion for animals.Water for Elephants by Sara Gruen takes the reader on the lost world of the traveling circuits in an age that many lost hope because of the peril circumstances of the Great Depression.The first few pages simply grab you and you will not want to miss this page turner and the mystic circus world."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I held off reading this book because everyone I knew who had read it or was reading it loved it but kept referring to it as \"depressing\" or \"violent\" or with other strong negative adjectives.  I wasn't in the mood for a \"downer.\"  Nothing else in my \"recommended for you\" list appealed to me so I downloaded the free sample.  This book is everything everyone said it would be...violence, cruelty, betrayal, death but somehow the story grabs you and won't let go.  Told by a 90 or 93 year old vet from a circus, the story is as personal as a biography and engrossing as a news account of the circus in the 1930s.  I read it in 24 hours.  Buy, borrow it or download it...it will not disappoint!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This story is lovely and you cannot put it down. I read every word from cover to cover. There are also authors notes, an interview with Sara Gruen, and questions for book group discussions.Now back to my title for review. So many of you gave the story away you should not rethink your reviews. Thank G-d, I had already chose to read this book when I read Riding Lessons. I had never read one review on this book before I bought it. I wonder what goody Sara has for us next. It will be fun as long as I stay away from reviews!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is poetic myth,a work of beauty,whose every word drips a truth,and a thought of knowledge.Reading it is like swimming in realitybut a reality I have not known,till now.Kahlil Kahlil Gibran knew something we did not,he shared a bit of the wonder of simplicity.Though this is merely the preaching of a Prophet,Gibran is able to turn it into story,and I feel from the gut for all the characters.The Prophet is unsurpassed in form,in content best when speaking of beauty,in ways I had never known,and weakest when speaking of prayer.Certainly Gibran relies on the story of Jesus,and throughout there are allusions to his wordsand actions.But this is a new prophet,who speaks the words of old,though it be in new wineskin."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book from cover to cover, and I'm glad I did.  But I thought it was very sad, because of the old man in the nursing home narrating the book, because of the animal abuse to the elephant and other species, and because of the spousal abuse to the elephant rider.  Oh, there were elements of humor, friendship, love, and happiness.  The ending was good as well as unexpected.  Still, if I had to describe this book in just one word, it would be \"sad.\""}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Amazing book which brings us into the life of a student at Cornell whose life changes dramatically and rapidly within a few days - and, as with all persons, those dramatic changes influence the rest of his life.  The story is of a circus worker during the depression...and it brought back some vague memories of my early childhood, watching a small circus roll into town, watching the elephants parade through from the train depot and to a farmer's field where the \"Big Top\" would suddenly sprout with flags a-flying.  The story is told from the view of the worker who's now in his 90's...and is fascinating as to how the author mixes past and present to give a picture of an amazing whole."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book actually should be under one of Victoria Holt's other pen names, Jean Plaidy.  Plaidy writes about actual historical figures.The Queen's Confession is told by Marie Antoinette herself.  Well, not actually, but how she would have written it.  She grows up in the Austrian court under the guidance of her mother, the Empress Maria Therese.  She marries the Dauphin of France and deals with the &quot;uncrowned queen&quot;, Madame du Barry.  Finally, she becomes queen and started the beginning of the end of the French monarchy.  Scandal, intrigue, and flamboyancy were never as great, and the consequences are even greater.This book was wonderful!  I actually learned a lot about her (I thought I knew everything!).  Also, it is a good book to read if you are in for a good cry."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I couldn't put this book down. I have seen the awards it won, but never thought about getting it, I wondered who this Sara Gruen is, never read her books. SO I didn't go out of my way to pick it up. Somebody brought it in to work. We have a bookshelf full of books that we share. I saw it and thought, OK, now I am going to read that, it is here, I keep seeing it, I am taking the plunge!How wonderful. I was completely and totally into the book after reading the first 4-5 pages. I couldn't put it down. I loved it, this isn't my type of book normally. However, it is a great read. I felt like I was standing next to the big top through the whole book. Get it, read it and enjoy it, that is the purpose of this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book in about a week and a half and I don't have much time to read. After the negative reviews, I was waiting for it to let me down but I never got there. I was interested through the whole thing and wanted to know what was going to happen next.I read it for a book club selection and was happy with the book. Not sure I want to see the movie depending on what I hear about the animal abuse. I don't think I could take it.Great read and I will recommend to others."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved the mini-series so decided to give the book a go.  The TV series covered all the most important things from the book, but as usual there is much detail in the book that there was not time for in the series. This book is a good bet for  anyone who loves an engrossing story about a very important time in the history of mankind.  I learned a great deal that I never knew before, and I fancy myself somewhat of a history buff.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was my book club's book this month.  I don't always like what they pick, but I give each book 100 pages before giving up on it.  I liked this book immediately.The main character is in a nursing home and the story goes between his life there and his memories of his younger days when he worked for a circus.The imagery is excellent and you can feel the movement of the train as the author is describing the setup of the cars and where everyone rides.  You can smell the disinfectant in the nursing home when Jacob is there.I guess one of the reasons I liked this book is that I've never read something on this topic.  It was very interesting to learn about the different aspects of the circus and its struggle for survival.This is slower reading, you can't plow through it like one of those books you read on the beach, but you will enjoy every moment!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I just finished \"Water for Elephants\" the day before yesterday!  I can't seem to find anything I want to read now as that story just won't go away.  It was far and beyond one of my favorite books.  I just loved it!  Once I started it, I couldn't put it down.  Now I want to see more pictures of the old circuses.  Amazing what she was able to capture with her words and that she could understand what an old man could be feeling and thinking.  I love it when I can find a book like hers.  I highly recommend it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Although Amazon advertises this book for ages 4-8, my wife and I started reading this and other Stan and Jan Berenstain books to our children from 18 months and up. Always a delight, our kids would laugh at the silliness while learning a lesson about life. We started a great habit of reading two or three books before bed, and the kids loved them. Soon, they would memorize many of the phrases, beginning a lifelong passion for reading.Every kid should experience reading books by the Berenstains while growing up. The characters are well developed, the rhyming phrases help kids become enthusiastic about reading, and the messages about life make them think.  Bears On The Moon got my son and daughter asking questions about space and interested in the great beyond.  Combine this with other fun Berenstain Bear books and your kids will sit enthralled as you turn the pages. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a very beautiful, well-written story that at times had you really feeling - both good and bad feelings - for many of the characters. Jacob lived a hard life after his parents died but I appreciated his tenacity. He was determined to make it in the circus and to make it in life. I throughly enjoyed the ending and I think if I was Jacob that that's how I'd want to spend the rest of my days too. I highly recommend this book for anyone who wants to read a story about real life, struggles, love, loss, and hope."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Khalil Gibran's book, The Prophet, has the power to transform the darkest feeling of pain in your heart into great release. What a blessing that it exists. Each passage touches on a deep and universal topic (marriage, friendship, etc).  The words, spoken profoundly and clearly from the mouth of the mystic and insightful prophet, who has nothing but words of wisdom to impart to those who gather around him, is a truly life affirming and transformative experience.  Please read this today. It will give you insight on the sacred aspects of all life choices and experiences that exist in the world."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was torn between two or three stars. I read this book for my book club, otherwise it is unlikely I would have picked it up considering my backlog.Personally I didn't find anything wow-ish or over the top astounding with this story. Besides that it takes place in a circus. It had its moments of course, which makes me think that what really makes you like a book is not sometimes the overall story, but a couple of scenes that really stand out. And this had a handful of those, especially those set in the present time, which were the only ones to actually pull my emotional strings, which usually doesn't take much I'm afraid, and considering that this book didn't stir much in me overall. Not even the traditional `big twist' scene riled me up. I actually read a paragraph past it then did a double take on `oh that was suppose to be it'."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When I first started reading this book, I was bored, but by the time I finished it, I loved it!  Nora's mother abandoned her, and her father died mysteriously in search of gold in the Outback of Australia.  Her guardian, the Lynx, sends his son, Stirling to fetch her and bring her back to Australia.  On their way out of England, they &quot;accidentally&quot; stop by Whiteladies, and old castle inhabited by a young lady, Minta (isn't that at pretty name?), her parents, and her governess.  From there, they go to Australia.  Once there, Nora meets Lynx, seemingly half-man, half-god.  She also finds strange coincidences between the estate in Australia and Whiteladies, including the name.  Nora finds herself in the middle of a feud.  If her life isn't already mixed up, she must also choose between Stirling or Lynx."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "There is not much more I can add to the numerous reviews this book has already received except to say that I loved the book and thought that it was for the most part an original story and was very pleased with how the story progressed and ended.As original as the story was, I did find that there were some predictable plot points, but these didn't detract from the story in any way.  Also, I believe that I read another review in which the reviewer indicated that this was more of a book for kids and pre-teens.  While I don't agree with that, I do think that written a slightly different way (taking out the minor sexual content) that yes, this could have been a very good book for kids.  Nothing wrong with that. I'll give this one a 4 1/2 star rating."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When Jacob Jankowski's parents died in an automobile accident, he was just about to become a Veterinarian.But, with that shock, and the shock of finding out that his parents didn't leave him the financial comforts that he had thought were there, Jacob, didn't take his last college exam.  And, he wondered into the life of a circus, where he learned a great deal about the human condition and about animals.During these tough Depression Era days, he lived in filth, but the animals meant a great deal to him.  So, he applied what he had learned at Cornell University Veterinarian School, to protect the animals, and anyone who he loved.This book was a story about love, loss and finding what matters most to you, when you've loss what seemed to be all that mattered."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had planned on watching the movie first because it looked good and  I can't usually watch a movie and enjoy it if I read and enjoyed the book first and vis versa. However, the book got better reviews than the movie and I didn't want to taint my experience with the story, so I picked up the book first and I'm glad I did.We are deliver the story through Mr. Jacob Jankowsky's ninety, or ninety-three year old memory. He can't remember his age but he remembers his life with the train traveling circus in the 1930's like it was yesterday. We see the excitement of a life as a circus worker and more often then not the dangers that the job presents, especially if you start to fall for the crazy jealous circus trainer's wife."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Sara Gruen is a truly gifted writer. Water for Elephants follows a young man (Jacob) during depression-era America after he loses his entire family to a car accident. Soon after dropping out of vet school following the deaths, Jacob jumps a train that turns out to be a circus. The story is his coming of age story, with romance, violence, hilarious adventures and mystery. All set against the canvas of the larger than life traveling 'menagerie.'The story is told by Jacob as a 90+ year-old reminiscing about his days in the circus when one comes to town across the street from his retirement home - dredging up long-forgotten memories. I absolutely LOVE the ending where Jacob 'escapes' his retirement home on yet another adventure! Cheers to Gruen - I will look for more of her books. This one was superb!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have never been a fan of the circus, but I do enjoy historical fiction, so I gave this one a try. I was skeptical at best when starting. The story is mildly interesting, entertaining,and entirely predictable. The characters were shallow, not well developed, but the story moves along quickly enough so this is not a big distraction. An earlier reveiwer summarized the book as \"melodramatic\" and I completely agree. It is like popcorn; light, fluffly, easy to digest and quickly forgotten. Not a bad way to spend a rainy weekend -- if there is nothiing on TV."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was a really good, enjoyable, authentic, endearing book.  Thoroughly enjoyable read.  One of a kind, leaves you wanting more of the circus on the rails of the depression era. I also love first-person novels that stay on plot and Gruen doesn't disappoint there.I TOTALLY disagree with another reviewer who said Gruen over-anthropomophized and over-romanticized the animals in the story! Hardly. If anything, if Jacob is a vet, we read very little of him doing his job in context of the story.  And anyone who's around animals or has worked with animals can hardly fail to form emotional attachments to them.When I finished WATER FOR ELEPHANTS, I like I felt when I finished reading FRIED GREEN TOMATOES AT THE WHISTLE STOP CAFE and SEABISCUIT."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'm torn on my opinion about this book which I just finished last night.  I loved the parts where Jacob was old; it successfully portrayed the anguish and confusion anyone would feel when their independence, privacy, and basically their rights are taken away from them. I really felt it.  The story grabbed me right away and continued to be enjoyable and interesting through about half the book; then it deteriorated a bit after that.  All in all though I enjoyed the book and the characters and am not sorry I read it.  Definitely easy reading.Laura"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I think I liked every single page of this book. It was a well-written semi-historical account of circus life and human interaction, but it wasn't over written. Definitely one of the better books I've read. It did move a bit slowly, but it's difficult to notice how slowly a book moves when you read it quickly. I imagine if I had read this book over the stretch of a week or two, it would have been a little less interesting. However, it did motivate me to keep reading, so I doubt I would have wanted to stretch it out that long."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I've been seeing this book for years at book stores and amazon website but for some reason I wasn't interested. The idea of a novel that takes place in a circus didn't seem exciting to me. Then, the kindle version of the book is offered with a great price and I reluctantly buy it and even more reluctantly read it. What a surprise... I really enjoyed it and couldn't put it down. The main character, Jacob, is brilliant especially at old age. I learned a lot about circus life and people. I thought the ending was marvelous. Now, I have to watch the movie and see how it compares to the novel. Very enjoyable read and highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As a person who usually reads non-fiction books about science and psychology, I thought I'd give myself a break and see what all the hype surrounding Water for Elephants was about. I was not disappointed. It was not the best book I've ever read, but it was very entertaining and a pretty quick read. I was explaining to someone that the story is very formulaic: guy wants girl, can't have girl, ends up getting girl - but it was set against a different backdrop than others. Sometimes that's exactly the kind of book you want to read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "These shots were taken in 1989, just as China was about to burst into full blossom as an international powerhouse.  I lived in China for six years, from 2000 through 2005, and when I look at these pictures, I'm reminded powerfully of my first year there and all the changes that happened at light speed each year after that.  If you have been to China, or if you are Chinese and old enough to remember your land before 2000, this is a moving trip through vivid cultural and social memories.If you have any interest in China or photography, this book is a must have for your library.  Grab it and feel lucky to have a copy."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was curious.  I knew there was a movie based on the book.  I had never seen that movie as I thought it looked cheesy.  So I took a chance on the book and was not disappointed!What a view into the circus culture!  Things the customers don't see and would never expect!  I've been dying to see the movie since and can't find it in Redbox and none of my friends own it.  And it's not On Demand!  I will see it at some point though.  I think now it will be worth it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I consider myself very picky when it comes to books. They have to be pretty exciting and well writting to hold my attention. Maybe I have A.D.D. or something. As the other reviewer said, there is a little \"they know we know that they know\" business in this book, but that didn't stop me from zipping through this book in about 2 days. I  give this book 5 stars because the style of writing just allows you to literally sprint through the pages without realizing you're even reading. it's seamless, and a breeze to read. i never once stopped to question something he wrote, and never once felt like i was \"outside of the story\". i'll be purchasing more of his books pronto."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What a fun story, cleverly delivered as Jacob moves back in time to relive his story and returns to the present, his disgruntled present.  Some critics have complained about the ending, but I'd have to say they are Bah, humbug critics.  The ending is delightful, one of the best ever. This is a feel good story and it IS fiction, so the complainers, IMO, just don't understand Suspended disbelief.  The story is magical in its authentic setting and making you feel you are under the big top. It is sometimes shocking, sometimes painful, always compelling. Don't miss this one.  ...Karleene Morrow, author of Destinies, a novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What a beautiful story Sara has woven with \"Water for Elephants\".  It really made me reflect on how difficult it must be for elderly people to have lost most of their friends and loved ones and how them can only relive the memories of their lives.  This book was captivating--love, adventure,friendship, excitement, betrayal, and the special love between animals and humans--all rolled into one wonderful tale.  From the time I started reading it-it was all I could do to put it down--kept me awake reading until I couldn't keep my eyes open anymore.I will definitely be keeping watch for any new books written by Sara Guren--she is a fantastic story teller."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was recommended to me by a few different people.  I knew NOTHING about it when I went to pick it up.  I was hesitant at first.  I am not a fan of the circus at all.  But knowing that one of the friends that had recommended it is also not a fan of the circus, I was cautiously optimistic.I am glad that I gave it a chance.  It is a well written story that really draws a vivid picture for you.  A great reflection of the times with a love story that had me in tears in parts.  Highly recommend to all."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The story was good but had too many swear words for my taste. The circus storyline was very interesting (ie, how a circus works, what happens behind the scenes, etc). I was also surprised to find a good description of getting old. If you're interested in reading just that part of the book, skip the chapters with pictures at the beginning. In doing so, you'll also skip most of the foul language.I've given this book 3 stars, but it really should be 2 and a half."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "How people can make these types of mistakes is beyond me. There appears to have been no editor or proofreading before putting this up for sale and apparently no quailty control measures on Amazon's part. The problems:1. 4,500 locations or 450 pages are missing. This ebook is 500 locations or 50 pages.2. The reviews posted on the &#34;Kindle Store&#34; were clearly for the hard copy version3.  This &#34;book&#34; give a page or two &#34;outline&#34; of a topic. Example- there is no information detailing the seven churches like in the hard copy version just a 2 page turn &#34;outline&#34; saying the Book of Revelations speaks about seven churches.4. Complete information is just missing. The table of content looks consistent with the hard copy version yet once you spend $3.99 to buy it and click on a TOC link subtiles are not there.5. This ebook is just a very brief overview of what is in the Book of Revelations and what is in Larkin's actual book.I will be getting a refund from Amazon."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My good mate John down at Matilda's book store  in Mount Waverley ordered this book in for me and it would have to be my favourite novel so far this year.The reader is introduced to 90 something year old Jacob who is a resident in an Old Folk's Home. Jacob talks about his past beginning with not completing his Vet Exams and finding himself in a travelling cirus during the Depression Era in America. Beneath the tinsel and cotton candy you find that the circus consists of hard men who never thought twice about throwing anybody from a  moving train.There is brutality and violence in this book and also the search for dignity in this cold tough world. Naturally 5 stars for this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A friend loaned me this book and told me it was one of the best she'd ever read.  Then she said, in a voice just above a whisper, \"It's about the circus.\".  To be honest, that didn't intrigue me at all.  But right from the start I was hooked and finished the book in two days, then re-read it a couple of days later to my husband.  This is a book I will read over and over again just because of the beauty of the characters and the fascinating facts about the depression-era circus."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The prevailing popularity of Gibran's PROPHET lies in only one secret: he writes his poems with readers in his mind. The compassionate poet I come to know through his lines, Gibran did not write to impress, shock or confuse but to communicate truth with highest poetic beauty. THE PROPHET addresses 27 essential subjects of life that concerns everyone - love, freedom, children, work, self-knowledge, friendship, time, beauty, death to name a few. I have this book for many years but this is a kind of poetry that ripens with time and each time you take a sip, it still surprises you with refreshing revelations. Also recommended are his less known books, A TEAR AND A SMILE, SAND AND FOAM and THE GARDEN OF THE PROPHET."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I adored Water For Elephants when I read it the first time, but it was on my second reading that I realized the extreme skill Gruen exhibits on every page and in every scene. Her prose is crisp and exacting, and her characters are so vivid, they leap to life in this story that grabs hold of you and  doesn't let go. I was literally transported to another place in time. I can't recommend Water For Elephants highly enough. This book deserves all the praise it's received and then some. What a beautiful novel--a treasure for all who curl up with this gem!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I just love it when the circus comes to our town and when I read \"Water for Elephants\" I was impressed with Sara Gruen research into several topics: the circus life and the great depression. I'm not sure how Ms. Gruen, managed to get herself into the head of a 93-year-old man but I loved the old man that narrated the story.The story is a mysterious and historical tour of behind the scenes of circus life. The deception and downright cruelty takes place. As far as I was concerned, Rosie the lovable elephant was the star of all the animals' maybe it's because I just love elephants.I won't go into detail about the story because other reviewers have already done a terrific account of the story. I would like to add that I found myself still thinking about the long suffering of the animals long after I finished the book. In summary the romantic scenes were weak but still a great story."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is the type of novel I expect to be on the bestseller list and is why I typically overlook popular novels, sometimes to my own detriment. An elderly man, now in a nursing home, looks back on his time spent as a veterinarian in a circus. It's a story that could have been capable of more, but the plot seemed fairly predictable and the characters not that believable or rounded. It wasn't bad, mind you, I guess you could say this elephant was just too watered down."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Yes, this story reads like a script and I was interested in the characters.....however I thought the terrible things that happen was just too much.  Reading about the terrible things that happen to animals, the perverted things that carnies do, it was just too much - I wanted to erase that stuff from my brain the moment I read it.  That is just not entertaining to me at all.  I really did enjoy how the book tied \"what happened\" from the beginning to the end, very nicely.  That was very interesting to me and I'm glad I finished it.  I could do without all the other crap though."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "First I must mention that I love books that take you to a time and place that you have no knowledge about and in this case it's circus life in the first half of the 1900's. It was fascinating to read what life was like in those days for those who worked in the circus, from performers to the labors. As for the book itself I did enjoy it, but I wouldn't call it a page turner and often in the first quarter of the book I thought about just putting the book down and starting something else a little more exciting to read. However the farther into the book I got the more I started to care about the characters the more invested in the book I became. In the end I was very glad I continued to read the book and now I can say I would recommend the book to friends."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I didn't realize this book had been out for so long when I ordered it from Amazon.  Can't believe I hadn't heard of it before because it was a fantastic book I should have picked up sooner.  I think a movie is being made about the book, but I am glad I read the book first.  It's a quick read for a lazy Sunday afternoon. Definitely entertaining.  After I finished it, I felt like I was still transported back to the 1930's circus, and it took several hours to stop thinking about it.  Worth reading for sure."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Jacob Jankowski leaves college where he studied to be a veterinarian after his both his parents die in a car crash. Unfortunately Jacob was unable to complete the test to obtain his veterinarian license. He hops on a train unknowing it is a circus train. Through the book, we see the different aspects of circus life, learn about the people whether they be workers or performers, the economics of the enterprise, insights to the animals and their training and how tough life was during and after the depression. Innovative story telling provides the reader with the past and the present merging for an emotional conclusion. The story awed me and the book was hard to put down."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I am not by any means a reader or fan of \"Mainstream\" novels. My tastes tend to lean decidedly toward the stranger side of fiction (Little, PKD, Laymon, etc). But I decided, while strolling the aisle of my local Amazon store, after reading review after review that all but bowed before this title, to try it. I am so glad I did.I tore through this book, not wanting to leave Jacob stranded too long. I just \"couldn't put it down\", I know how terribly cliche' that is, but it is the absolute truth.This novel made me smile, which normally is a turn off for me... what a nice change of pace. Pick this book up if you haven't already. Sit down with Jacob and listen to his story, you'll smile too."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Sara Gruen's novel, Water for Elephants, published in 2007 by Algonquin Books is a good story about a circus traveling in the U.S. during the Great Depression. The narrative carries the novel in spite of the rather shallow character development. Gruen's description of the historical period is sketchy with a few interesting threads. I bought the book because I was limited in free time and could only read in brief intermittent time periods. The book required minimal attention and was entertaining. I wonder about the editing of the book, allowing contemporary jargon to slip into the 1930's dialogue (e.g., \"Whatever\"). Water for Elephants is a light, beach, plane, motel novel that I recommend for the casual reader."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book.  It was sometimes hard to read, when Rosie the elephant was being beaten, for example, but overall, it was so incredibly good.  One point that bothered me, though.  WHY did the author NOT have Jacob turn back and look for Walter???  Just because the other men said he \"probably did not survive the night\" does not mean he didn't.  At very least Jacob SHOULD have gone back and found out for sure, especially since Walter had done a lot of good for him.  That was the only part of the book I felt let down by, although I still loved the book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Holy cow!  What a Book!  Here we have a novel written by a woman whose lead character is a young man, er... old 93 year-old man, er... an elephant named Rosie.  Never mind.  But she does it!  She pulls it off.  The story-telling is spellbinding.  You are right there in the blackness of night, wobbling precariously on the roof of a train crossing a trestle with a knife gritted in your teeth and murder in your heart.  You love Rosie the elephant. You ache with fear and infatuation for Marlene, trapped in the grasp of a lethal psychotic maniac.Sara Gruen is a literary gem to put us in the mind and depression times of the traveling Circus's, the smell of the animals, the freaks, and the language. How about fathoming the mind of a cranky, reminiscent 93 year old coot whose character and lovable humanity hold the whole thing together?So what's next?Pierce Scranton M.D.author, Death on the Learning Curve"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Not being, even remotely, a Robert Pattinson fan and not liking circuses either, I put off reading this book for several months after it was purchased.  I still couldn't help visualizing Robert Pattinson as the lead character, but eventually, the story took over and Robert faded a little.  I was pleasantly surprised at how much I really liked the book.  Well written, good story line and a bit of a surprise ending.  Still won't watch the movie (that Robert thing again) but the book is always better anyway."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "He's a most utterly unappealing protagonist.  Wouk wants us to think of Pug as a career-driven, very rigidly moral sort of person.  Instead, he came across to me as cold, humorless, stodgy, somewhat hypocritical, and very, VERY boring.  The few things Wouk has him do to make him less of a plaster saint (drinks a bit, smokes, lusts in his heart after a young English woman) didn't humanize Pug for me.  By the end of the novel, I found him about as likeable as Wouk's other famous character, Captain Queeg.That said, the plot of the novel was engrossing and most of the other characters (Including Hitler and Stalin!)were more interesting and entertaining than Pug.The definite highlight of the book is Wouk writing as the German General van Roon.  It's very convincingly done and it is in these sections of the book where what little (sly) humor Wouk offers is to be found."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "As my husband and I have a predelection for fine cuisine and having  studied with a few world's renounced chefs and aficionados of Mexican Cuisine, I guarantee this cookbook's recipes will delight even the most fastidious palate. The easy-to-follow recipes are ever bit as appetizing and appealing they appear in the exquisite photographs. Even a novice cook will look like pro with the savoir-faire of authentic Mexican cuisine.  I strongly recommend this book for gift-giving.  (I actually own a copy and use it.)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was a selection for our book group last month and although I'm glad I read it, I'm carting ASAP it to our local used bookstore since I don't have the stomach to read it again.I'll let other reviewers take care of the synopsis and author information. What struck me about this book was the author's handling of the violence against animals--human and otherwise. Sara Gruen takes the reader on some kind of amazing highwire act: we teeter on a fine line between wanting to throw the book down because we can't bear to read another page rife with brutality, yet still we are compelled to edge our way another inch closer to her bittersweet and satisfying (if somewhat unbelievable) conclusion.I'm interested to see what else Ms. Gruen has in store for us."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Sara Gruen has created an engaging memoir narrated by the nonagenarian veteran and veterinarian of a depression-era circus.  Her research into the caste hierarchy and politics of train circuses reveals a world which, much like HBO's Deadwood, had its own laws of lawlessness and morality of immorality.  Into this world Jacob Jankowski is unwittingly dropped, and the recounting of his evolution from inheritor of his father's veternary practice to circus vet to aged resident of an assisted living facility is almost always convincingly told.  While Jacob may be the hero/narrator, it is most definitely Rosie the elephant who steals the show and wins your heart.  Like the rubes who paid their nickels and dimes to gawk at the freaks, I felt my $14.37 was well spent for a 332-page peek behind the big-top."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I feel bad giving a one star review on this because the paperback is printed very well and it looks very high class.... but this one is all Hemingway's fault. I LOVE classic books. I am an avid reader and I read books by Faulkner, Proust, Gabriel Garcia Marquez and Victor Hugo in my free time. I was not assigned this and actually, if anything, I set out predisposed to like this book; that said, there were very few good things about this book. If you want to learn more about the Spanish civil war, this book might be for you - but if you care about characters, plot or writing style, this book is destined to disappoint. I can't believe I'm saying this about someone whose name is synonomous with a writer (eg. &#34;I'm no Hemingway but...&#34;), but this book was poorly written."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This really is an excellent book with an interesting story and well-conceived details.  I listened to the audio version, which was particularly well acted.  My complaint with the book is that it is blatantly anti-Jewish.  The circus leaders, who are described as Jewish, are mean and spiteful, making the lives of the workers a living hell.  Why did Ms. Gruen need to assign a religion to them? I found this really offensive, and played into negative Jewish stereotypes.  My other complaint with the book is that the two Jacobs don't seem like the same person (I'm assuming they are although I'm not quite finished with the book).  One is loving and mild-mannered, the other cantankerous and bitter.  Can these really be the same person?"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is by far my favorite book ever.  I am sure many other people will lay out the plot for you in their reviews, so I will tell you what I loved about it.  I love the bravery and leadership of the main character Robert  Jordan, I loved how Hemingway used people such as the strong willed Pilar  and other characters to only make it seem more realistic, and I mostly love  how Hemingway painted a picture with Robert Jordan that is the example for  all people who want to see what bravery is.  No author could top this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Im usually skepical when it comes to reading a book that has become a movie . I end up either loving the movie and not liking the book or loving the book and not liking the movie. THIS book was stunning in detail and takes the reader into the 'Big Top' in such detail that you can almost smell the peanuts! It contains violence but it is told with such skill that the reader understands just how brutal humans can be ....but the main character is the hero and does make a difference . As for the romance...its innocent and well written. There is something for all in this story and I see now why it was made into a movie. I have not seen it yet but I can only imagine !"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The book was weird. I felt like I was reading a porn book or something. The description on how the female dances, it goes all into details even how she touches her boobs she even goes naked. I don't get it is she a a circus whore? I didn't want to read a book on how she touches herself... so im returning,Im not into that kinda of reads. Maybe it is not like that as in whole book? but its an early start for dirty things so I assume the rest of the book is the same."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I revisited this book in my early 40's and came away resold on Hemingway as one of America's greatest writers and an artist who stands the test of time. It's a shame, in fact, that Hemingway's caricature-friendly persona, life and writing style have sometimes obsured his work. Forget the macho image and the stories of drinking and hunting. He is an artist of the first order.For Whom... is a novel about the important things -- life, love, death, fear, the attraction and horror of war. What struck me throughout was how innocent the characters are and how genuinely Hemingway depicts the most difficult subjects, be it war (in this case the Spanish Civil War) or the love between Maria and Robert Jordan.Hemingway is a writer we need in our times. He focuses on the big, important issues without cynicism, and never shies from exposing what is in our hearts and minds. A classic."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "in for whom the bell tolls hemingway looks at war from the individuals perspective. his army is a rag tag group of guerrilla fighters, not the army. the time and setting is the spanish civil war. a general understanding of that war is helpful. the characters include mostly local insurgents and one american mercenary. the horrors of war are portrayed on both sides with neither having the higher moral ground.it is also a study of courage in the face of potential death. this is developed not only through the underlying theme of war, but the stories of some of the characters earlier lives which include bull fighting and the running of the bulls.the one drawback to the book is the stilted language used in the dialog of the novel (including the refusal to use obscenities).a book well worth the read"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A reader does not need to have a special interest in war stories to enjoy this novel (along with its continuation in War and Remembrance).  This is a very well-written story that puts a personal face on World War Two.  Even though The Winds of War adn War and Remembrance is one coherent stroy covering over 2000 pages, the story never bogs down.  Spans events from the lead-up to the end of the war and follows the main characters all over the world.  Wouk does a great job of writing from various perspectives.The history seems to be fairly accurate, with some necessary literary license taken to covey the sheer volume of information required as the backdrop for the main characters.  You wouldn't read this to replace history works, but it really humanizes the events of the war."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I've decided I just can't finish this book. The main character is a 23-year old male, but c'mon - I just don't appreciate some of the details the author is having him describe and they are totally unnecessary to the story. I've read almost nine chapters and decided I don't need any more images like the explicit strip scene, the details of a graphic \"8-pager\", and I certainly didn't need the picture of what the dwarf is doing alone on his cot while looking at the graphic magazine. It's a big disappointment because the story is actually interesting and I want to find out what happens but not badly enough to wade through the sludge. I don't think I've been this disappointed in a story since the ending of Angela's Ashes."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This novel is really interesting in that it explores the world of circus performers in the post depression era of the U.S.  The details are amazing and it is obvious the author took great care to create an authentic feel for the time period and life of circus performers.  A passionate love story is revealed that will capture your heart.  The reflections of an old man in the story tie it all together with wonderful sensitivity and charm.  I thought the title was really creative. I became immersed in the circus world with ease while enjoying this engaging novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I spent most of this book wondering why Gruen chose to intersperse her primary story of a young man who found himself thrust into the circus life in 1931 with the musings of that same man at the age of 93.  The story of how Jacob came to be in the circus and what happened to him there seemed like enough to me, and Jacob's aged voice seemed unnecessary.  At the end of the book, though, I realized why she gave us both perspectives, and could hardly argue with her narrative device, as the closure it provides works so well."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Get your tissue ready, and be ready for intense feelings!  I read this book MANY years ago, before the hype and reread it again with my book club.  It was worth a second read, so to have this book as your own is worth it!  There is mystery, magic, and injustice.  The charcters are strongly built, and the scenery is vivid.  If you are looking for more books like this one...check out The Dirty Parts of the Bible.  You won't be disappointed either."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Extremely insulting that no one ever proof reads books after conversion to kindle format.  While the kindle edition appears to have undergone some clean up after so many negative reviews for a chapter to have \"Bearl Barbor\" as the title is beyond belief.  There are many other conversion errors with improper character recognition but I did not track those.  A few problems with hyphenation also remain where the printed edition used hyphenation as a means to word/line wrap but the after conversion to kindle the hyphen is no longer appropriate since the line wrap occurs at a different point in the line.  There are a few graphics from the printed version also scanned into the kindle edition and therefore of poor quality.  Can only imagine how bad War and Remembrance kindle edition must be since that title has been unavailable for many months while awaiting correction."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For me, this book reminded me of being a little kid.  I could picture myself sitting at the foot of my grandfather's bed as he told me stories of his youth and the adventures that came with it.  I was instantly transported to the 1930's and to the world of the traveling circus.  The author wrote with such clarity and viviid realism, that I was shocked when I later read that at the time she started writiing the novel, she has never been to a circus.  This novel is beautiful and moving, and certainly one that I will pass along to others."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants by Sara Gruen is one of my all-time favorite books! The story is told by an old man looking back on his life in the circus during the Great Depression. As a young man he joins the circus after his parents died in a car accident. There he discovers a whole new and strange world in the small traveling community. He learns the hard work involved in the back scenes of a circus, as well as the harsh and sometimes tragic lives of the workers. It isn't long before he falls in love with the beautiful Marlena, one of the star performers. Things are complicated though. She's already married to the controlling and cruel head animal trainer.Get ready to cheer for the hero, boo the villain and ooh and ahhh at the story that draws you into a bygone time and place. It's a memorable book that will stay in your heart a long, long time."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was a very interesting story within a story. A story reflecting back on the life of a man who is now in his 90's  in &#34;Assisted Living&#34;. We learn much about living a life in the Circus, especially back in the 30's....it was no picnic!! Along with tragedy we find adventure, humor and romance. I would have given the book 5 stars but for the swearing and sex content. I didn't expect that. It didn't have to be so explicit, so in my opinion the 4 star rates it a very good read!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was a bit hesitant about reading this book, I kept reading that it was about circuses, and I really didn't think I had too much of and interest. Boy was I wrong. It starts with a murder and winds and weaves you through the story of life in the traveling circus and back to present day in a nursing home.  The book had my attention from page one and still has me even though I finished reading it. There is humor, love, murder, and friendship, and a whole lot of history about the circus, and circus life making this book a well rounded engaging read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What a lovely story this was! I feel like it was witten for hollywood, I cant wait to see the movie. I loved the fact that the story was remembered by an old man. The author REALLY got what it feels like to be old and she makes you get it also. I felt like I was right in the story, I read through this wonderful book in a few days. My only complaint is that it wasnt a little bit longer. This is only about 300 pages but I felt it should have been more."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I don't think this story could have been any better than it was. I read it front to back in one sitting. I just couldn't put it down! I don't read reviews before I read a book, I'll read anything I can get my hands on. When I got this book I flipped through it, and I didn't think I'd like it because of the pictures. But after the FIRST page I was hooked. I LOVED LOVED LOVED Jacob and Marlana...and HATED Uncle Al and August. I wanted to cry everytime Auggie went to the tent to lay it on Rosie. It made me sick. It's been a while since I read something so moving! A+++++++++"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I just finished reading Water for Elephants by Sara Gruen.  It was one of my most favorite reads to date, and I read alot of books!  I loved how the book started in the nursing home with the older Jacob and how he reveiled how it felt to be old and most of the time forgotten.  His family viewed it as a duty to go and visit him..And then it switches to a young Jacob and tells the story of his adventures working in a circus.  For anyone who wanted to run away to the circus as a child, you will definately love this book.  I could not put it down. It is exciting one minute and has you on the edge of your seat and the next it is endearing and makes you feel like you really know the characters.  I give this book 5 stars and if you want a really good read, you will do the same."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was really surprised how much I enjoyed this book. From the opening line on Chapter 1 all the way to the end, you are hooked.A young veterinary student loses is parents tragically during the time of the depression. After having his family house repossesed by the bank and no prospects, he winds up working in a circus.As stated in other reviews, there are some shaky transitions and predictable plot points. But there is a sincerity to the book that works and unique setting that makes one easily forgive the story's few shortcomings.And it's the setting that I really liked about this book. It brings back the circus of old and it made me miss it. The smell of animals and hay. The popcorn and cotton candy. The acrobats with the sequined vests. You get a wonderful \"behind the scenes\" insight to a peice of nostalgic Americana. Combined with classic dramatic elements and a motley cast of characters, this is a great book and I'm glad I got it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was a pleasure.  It is meaningful enough to warrant the time to read it and yet it is still fun and engrossing enough for a good poolside read while on vacation.  The protagonist's world is shredded near the beginning and he does what readers of this review would dream of but never do.  He hops a circus train and enters that most bizarre of American sub cultures of the depression era 1930's.  Read this and live vicariously in the circus from the comfort of your hotel's patio furniture.  You'll be glad you did and you'll feel more literate than if you read most of the trash you see at other chairs around the pool."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A pleasant, quick read.  The circus details were nicely researched and its full of colorful characters.  I did, however, find the alternating time periods intrusive, and the plot sadly predictable.  I also wish the villain had been more complex -- although the author provides us with mental illness as an excuse, it seemed too convenient, and frankly, not quite clinically credible. A sweet ending, although perhaps a bit sentimental. All in all, not an original book, nor one that will stand the test of time, in my opinion, however, for all that, an agreeable way to spend the afternoon."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book many years ago, when I was 13. At the time I was into much younger books for younger readers, but my college aged sister introduced me to this one - and I was totally hooked. A love of historical fiction and gothic romance followed, and I read all of Victoria Holt's novels. There was no end in sight after that, and today, 27 years later, I often wonder where I would be without Victoria Holt. I recommend this book to all young adults. It will introduce you to a whole new world, one of reading."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'm not picky about my books, really! I read airport books! I read mystery novels! But about half-way through, Water for Elephant's 2-dimensional, unrealistic characters' bad soap opera conversations became too tedious and repetitious.  I slogged through, anyway. I was waiting for more elephant plot. But no- Ms. Gruen got even lazier at the end.  Anything and anyone that might have been considered a loose end gets killed off without regret.  \"Mr. Major Character W? We threw him off the train 30 minutes ago. Probably(!!) died. Don't worry about it.\"I was disappointed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This unique story brings back a slice of the 1930s, the long gone circus world of the past, but not the usual bigtop action.  The main character is without giving away anything serves in a position that straddles the worlds of performer and worker and yet belongs to neither. There's madness, grinding poverty, tradgedy, revengeexcitement, bewilderment, surprises, and revelations, but I don't believe a review should be a book report, so trust me if you like suspense, tinged with the meaning of life itself, please do yourself the favor of reading this wonderful novel.  I wish I could erase my memories and do so afresh.  Jim."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What a WONDERFUL book about a slice of American life that not many people know about.  What was circus life like during the Depression? Don't let the topic discourage you from reading this book.  I was captured by the first line: \"I am ninety. Or ninety-three. One or the other.\"  As I was reading this book, I could see the whole story play out in my mind as the author easily transitioned the storyteller from the present day back to the 1930's and his life on a circus train.  I can't say enough good things about this book.  Read it....It's a true winner!!!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Sara Gruen spins a yarn, more than just a circus story, filled with memorable characters (not all human, some at a crucial crossroads), and highly dramatic events juxtaposed with the loneliness of old age. Near the end of his life, Jacob Jankowski finds himself reminiscing about his salad days, as painful as they might have been. He knows life is about the pleasure and the pain; you can't have one without the other (like good and evil). After a tragic loss, Jacob finds a home with a traveling circus as a veterinarian and along the way he: loses his virginity, makes some true friends, learns some valuable life lessons, and falls in love. But above all this book is about his grand love affair, how it began and how it will end. Oh, and there's an elephant named Rosie mixed in there too. I recommend this strongly. 4.5 stars."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "An interesting mix of story, sayings, memoir and instruction..only the most ardent golfer or golf instructor could get much out of the instruction, but the story, sayings and memoirs are good, many outstandng.The concept of the Little Red Boook is interesing and alluring to the reader. An interesting mix of information. Well worth the read, but it leaves the reader--at least this reader--wishing it was two books, one of instruction, one on the other interesting and insightful informaton in the book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Aficionados of O'Brian's seafaring novels from the Napoleonic Wars all have their favorites.  Of the 20 Aubrey/Maturin novels, this one may be the best in many ways.  Captain Aubrey's career seems on the fast track (maybe fast tack, given the theme)in this episode in which he takes the rank of Commodore and sails a small fleet to wrest Mauritius from the \"foul and most foreign French.\"His companion, Dr. Stephen Maturin comes into his own in this episode, showing his full talents as an intelligence agent and giving an idea of the resources at his command.  There are setbacks, of course but the combimnations of land and sea warfare are engaging.  Many of the other staple charcaters of the series also really begin to bloom in this installment.If you have come this far in the series, do not hesitate:  buy this adventure and sail forth.  May the weather gauge be with you!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book in one night--couldn't put it down. There was so much to enjoy: the details of the circus, the story of Jacob, the suspense of the plot. It all drew me in and I was riveted until the end. My copy was a digital download from my library but the download was from Amazon. It included pictures from historical archives that really added a nice element of historical verisimilitude to the reading.There are several reviews on here with summaries of the book so I won't add another, I will just say if you're looking for a historically based novel that is well written and original, then this one is for you. Enjoy!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was hesitant to read this book since it felt like everyone I knew who raved about it was a middle-aged lady and I didn't think it'd have enough action to keep my attention.  To my pleasant surprise, the writing was just brash enough to make me want to keep reading, often laughing out loud at the bizarre pseudo-autobiography.  I recommend it as a quick, easy, summer read.  Yes, a bit on the chick-lit side of the spectrum, but very good just the same."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The pleasure that Ms. Goodall had placed and received in sharing her life with chimpanzees is conveyed effortlessly in this book and touches you quite easily. I started reading this book not being to sure about what I was doing, since to know about the habits of these primates is not exactly among my list of favorite topics. So I just started browsing and before I knew it, sixty or eighty pages had gone by as well as my possibilities of getting up early in the morning.The author will guide your through the complex social structures in which chimpanzees live to the very detailed and amazing details of their everyday life. For example that they would eat gladly a human baby if given the chance. But more important she makes you care for their lives not as a consequence of a higher scientific purpose, but simply because the more that we relate to nature the more we are embraced in its blessings."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I really learned a lot about the circus, the good and bad parts, and have such a great appreciation of all of the work that goes on behind the scenes.  Plus, giving the characters a &#34;real&#34; life and personality, made it all the more interesting.  I loved Rosie, the elephant - such &#34;humanness&#34; in her attitude and loving nature.  I liked the way, as an old man, he was able to reflect and recall his vivid youth working in the circus."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book as a child and now I love it for my own daughter.I have vivid memories of a time when I could just newly read and barely count ...staying up well past my bedtime, writing down all the words that were new to the dog (i.e. not counting \"a\" more than once) and trying to count them to see if the book really had 100 words (it did!).  It was that engaging.  I remember it took me hours, and then when my mom caught me still awake, I lied and told her I had just woken up.The point in that is that as a small child, I found this book so intriguing that I was reading, writing, and counting for fun, well past my bedtime.  As an adult, I love the wit.  As a parent, I love that I get to share the childlike love for it all over again.This is such a fun book with real learning potential too.  Love it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I finished all 350 pages in a day and a half. I Couldn't put it down. I've read a lot of great books, but this is by far my favorite of all time and it sooo deserves the five stars I gave it. It's like heartbreak, friendship, falling in love, fear, being forgotten, and a blast from a cruel yet exciting past all in one and I may go read it again once I finish this review. Water for Elephants broke my heart and touched me at the same time."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For years, \"A Prayer For Owen Meany\" was my favorite book.  Until I read \"Water For Elephants\" for the first time.  I turned the last page and started all over again on page 1. I read it again after that.  I just love every sentence.  Jacob is a hoot!  The ending is the best ending ever!  Totally unexpected and totally true to character.  I live in Chicago, so the Chicago connection was one more sweet moment.  It's just such an all around loving, joyful book, with quirky surprises at every turn.  It made me laugh out loud.  I can't help it . . . I love everything about it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I recently finished reading Water for Elephants.  The historical elements in this novel were carefully researched which made for a thrilling book.  I loved the way the story was told by an elderly man living in a nursing home and it bounced back and forth between timelines.  You fell in love with the grumpy man and you think about what the elderly actually feel like when they are forced to live in places like this. His story is touching and you really get to know all of the characters.  The elephant is a sweetheart and it's amazing how smart she is.  Great book and look forward to seeing the movie to see how well it was done."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I saw this book in the bookstore and it sounded very interesting so I got it out of the library. I wasn't disappointed. It was very easy to read and flowed nicely. Very interesting and quirky characters which I liked. Rosie the elephant was a great character. I agree with one of the other reviewers who compared the book to Sophies Choice. I thought the same thing when we meet the ringmaster. I really enjoyed the book but I was disappointed that there were a couple of parts that were unnecessarily crude (as opposed to necessarily crude?). It's like the female writer of the book had to prove that she could be as crude as any man. Other than that, it was one of my favourite books this year."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "At first I was skeptical about reading a book about a circus, but everyone I know that has read the book had given it great reviews.  I'm glad to say I was not disappointed.  The author did a great job with this book and detailing the era in which it is written.  I bought this book on my Kindle and can honestly say I could not put it down - the convenience of having my Kindle books available through apps on my cell phone / computer and the actual Kindle made it even harder to put down and all the more exciting to read.  I highly recommend this book, it did not disappoint in any way!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved reading this as I had been taken to a circus a lot as a little girl in NE Illinois and as an adult I worked in 8 different nursing homes. It was wonderful seeing it from the patient's eyes and reading his story. I remember many a story told by patients. One was an old silent movie star! I wonder if Sara Gruen had any nursing home experiance as she nailed it including the caring and non caring type of people that work there and why some of the patients may be grumpy. The view of the circus behind the scenes was a fantastic story!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It is only March and I have already voted this book for my Book of the Year Award, which I normally select toward the end of the year.  This book was beautifully written.  You could see the human emotions coming through the characters and it made me want to keep turning the pages to see what was going to happen.  You feel both sorrow and joy in the characters.  Frances Itani knows the human heart and displays it so well on paper.  Great job!  I am going to make this book a part of my permanent library."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The novel is sure a pleasant surprise. First, I like how the author interlaces the novel between the perspective of the older and younger antagonists. Mr Jankowski is animated and adorable. I felt like I could really take a glimpse inside an old person's mild. He is a young guy trapped in an old man's body. Jacob is young and innocent, but not as memorable as his older self. The adventure he had is almost like Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn. Sure, there were times I was confused. It doesn't seem so believable to have a college graduate jumping from one railcar to another, and the sex scene is unnecessarily. (I guess female readers demand certain rewards with reading romance novels.) {Spoiler Alert} I still don't understand why Uncle Al needs August for the circus. It seems like Uncle Al could have just replaced August with Jacob and the novel will shortened by half.I wish Ms Gruen all the best and am looking forward to her coming books."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The title of this book attracted me; the cover blurb sounded good; and who can resist an elephant as a character in an adult book?  So even though I was not famliar with the author, I bought this book, and oh how glad I am that I did.  What a magnificent read!  The characters are delightful.  The author's tone and pacing are fantastic as she seamlessly moves you from the present to the past, never leaving you wanting at the end of either time period as she moves her story relentlessly forward.  At the end of this book I had a strange and wonderful reaction.  I actually hugged it to me and just sat there for a minute or so thinking about how good I felt and wondering what the main character might be doing now."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I just finished reading Water for Elephants and I really enjoyed it. It's a love story and so much more. The author conjured up images so sharp and clear that I often thought of the classic movie The Greatest Show on Earth (directed by Cecil B. DeMille). The characters were well-fleshed and it was obvious from the beginning who was the 'hero' and who was the 'villain', both vying for the beautiful heroine. And then there was a secondary story set in present day that was artfully woven among the vintage circus story. I really enjoyed this book. The author did a fabulous job of drawing in the reader, and I found myself longing for bedtime (my reading time &lt;g>). I know this book has been optioned for a movie and I do hope the director does the book justice."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read both of Sara Gruen's previous books - primarily because they were horse stories.  I was really looking forward to her next book and was disappointed to see that it wasn't about horses at all.  It hit the best seller list and I read the reviews.  It didn't appeal to me at all.  I read more reviews.  Eh. Finally, I decided to read it.  I'm so glad I did!  This is one of those books that draws you in on the first page and doesn't let you go until the end.  I'm recommending this to everyone I know -and I'm recommending it to you.  Read it - you won't be sorry."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Wouk's The Winds of War is a wonderful piece of historical fiction.  Following the Henry family in their international travels in the lead up to World War II, the author's extensive research enables him to use this familial narrative as a context for providing the reader with a history of the events that lead up to the break out of WW II.  The characters are unpredictable and realistically three-dimensional.  The book was so good, I eagerly took up its sequel War and Remembrance the moment I finished it.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a 5-star book that should read by anybody with an interest in WW II. The comments and complaints regarding sexism and poor female characters... well the book was published in 1971. Compare it to some of the other fiction being published at the time... Ian Fleming, John MacDonald, Robert Heinlein. Wouk comes of pretty well in comparison to those authors, I think, especially as his subject is war. Despite this, Wouk still constructs some fascinating female characters... and not all of them are brilliant, easy to sympathize with, or even very smart. But then again, neither are the men.It's a long story, a bit melodramatic at times, will infuriate you, and bring tears to your eyes. Which was what Wouk set out to accomplish."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water For Elephants, written by Sara Gruen, is a book told as a memoir by a fictional ninety-something old man about his time with the circus as a young man. This experience matured him and forever changed the direction of his life.This book is charming. I could relate to the characters and understand their motivations easily. I enjoyed reading it and have re-read it several times. I highly recommend it to everyone. (Should be at parents discretion as there are some adult themes. Probably best for those over thirteen.)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "My first Hemingway was Men Without Women, a collection of short stories, and I was so bored with it. After that, I pretty much put Hemingway on my black list, because if I couldn't stand his short stories, there's no way I'll get through a whole novel. Man was I wrong. I read this book based on a recommendation from a friend. All I can say is wow! This book is truly beautiful; the characters, the scenes, and all the emotions that goes with it.The whole story takes place in 4 days. It's about a man who's on a mission to blow up a bridge and to do so he needs to work with the local guerrillas. Each character is unique, and the all the things one man can learn about life in just 4 days.Definitely one of my favorite books of all time. I look forward to checking out his other novels as well."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book as one of the monthly selections for my book group.  We all loved it.  It is a human love story, an animal love story, a novel about a young man who overcomes terrible loss and a tale of survival.  As a child of parents who grew up during the Depression, I was interested in how the history of that era played a role in the plot.  I found the descriptions of the social hierarchy of circus performers, their relationships with the animals and the perspective of how they function as a sub-culture especially informative.  The author makes us, the readers, really love or hate the characters, and there were a few times when I found myself wishing I could step into a scene and protect or stand up to some of the characters.  Although the ending didn't seem quite realistic, it does fit with the hopeful dreams we all conjure up when we visit the Big Top."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Our Kindle Book Club gave this book 7 out of 10.  I liked the way Gruen brought a life together and illustrated the ways we gain respect and lose respect.  The history of the Circus life was based on fact, it showed the degree of cruelty toward animals and humans in the desire to make money. There was also a degree of cruelty and lack of respect in the Nursing Home. The love story was nicely developed without becoming the main story.  We loved Jacob he was a good man.  The ending was brilliant, he won!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "With vivid, descriptive prose, Hemingway takes us into the mind of a soldier.  Focused on duty and his mission, our main character encounters love among the carnage, but even that does not sway him from his duty.  Though at times a bit long-winded, Hemingway brings the internal battle of war to the surface.  The self-talk that goes on shows the conflict behind the rough exterior.  We also see the useless deaths that take place because of the uncertainties that come with war."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For the most part this was a moving and fascinating story. Well written, the characters were vivid and appealing, even, at times, the villains. However, I found the way the story ended to be somewhat trite and not at all believable.Although the loyalty and brotherhood among circus people was clearly portrayed throughout, the end of the story reduced this excellent portrait of a mysterious and esoteric world into a fairy-tale. For me, the lovely flight ended with a thud, from a delicious learning experience to an insult to my intelligence."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "With the making of a Film based on this book and all of the rave reviews about it, I guess I had high expectations.  Don't get me wrong, I found most of it entertaining, but I think the story lacked in its development, and I never figured out why religion was ever even brought up among the characters in the earlier part of the book, when it apparently had nothing to do with the plot. The ending was also a bit of a let-down because it was just too \"happily ever after\" for me.The funny thing is that I'm not a big fan of Circuses in general, but surprisingly, I found the source material to be rather fascinating,  So, if anything, this book will propel me to look into more historical reading material on Circuses from the 19th century to the turn of the 20th Century."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This novel made me want to meet someone who had worked on a circus before.  The prologue is all I read in the store and I immediately felt the need to buy it because of the mystery.  The book is filled with exciting storylines that will capture your attention and keep it there throughout the story--hoping that the storyline will end as you hoped.When you get to the part in the book that the prologue mentions, the actual outcome will surprise you. The animals all find a way into your heart and the characters are all worth remembering and holding on to.  I recomend this book for anyone interested in historical fiction or even science fiction because while it revolves around reality, a cirus, the way that it is written almost feels like science fiction."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "How many novels have you read about the circus? This was certainly my first and that's what I loved about it - it was something out of the ordinary. The story flowed smoothly and was full of great stories. I read a review stating that the characters weren't realistic, August was too horrid and Jacob was a coward. I definitely disagree and found most, if not all, the characters to be believable.My only complaint is the vocabulary in the novel. It seemed the author was going out of her way to use synonyms fairly close together within the plot. While I don't mind challenges to my vocabulary I didn't find it believable as if the story was really told from one person's point of view it is doubtful that they would use such extreme variety in word choices. This is nit-picking though, overall I really enjoyed the journey!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book. While it has history it is not a dull history book and the history is indeed interesting. The book details the lives of different people enveloped in the gold rush from a wonderful clergy man ,a young Irish woman with a keen sense for business, successful and not so successful miners plus those who went there with no knowledge of mining or life in the very rugged north.The book is very well written and weaves the history, the town of Dawson, and the individual characters together seamlessly."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A couple of years ago a friend gave me a copy of Water For Elephants. I put it aside until a few days ago, at which time I thought I should probably read it. I was hooked from the very beginning and couldn't put the book down. Although, I have never been interested in elephants, I fell in love with Rosie and her sweet personality. Did you know that elephants cry and that they have a huge hippocampus, a brain structure that's important in processing emotions? After finishing the book, I immediately Googled elephants to learn more about these intelligent animals. Water For Elephants has become one of my favorite novels. If you haven't read this one, you are definitely missing a modern classic."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This Book is funny and is full of B words, like \"big brown bear, blue, bull, beautiful baboon....\"  Another B phrase is added each time so by the end it's a long phrase.  There is a surprise at the end for a sad Baby Bird.  (my daughter dictated that paragraph)This isn't Berenstain Bear family book, with Mama, Papa, Sister and Brother but is a celebration of an important letter.  It's fun to read out loud with a swingy feel to it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Jack commands the Boadicea, assigned to eliminate the French fleet capturing rich Indiamen around Mauritius.For the first time, O'Brian manages a \"proper\" novel format: this book starts with a goal, meets obstacles to achieving that goal, and ends with a resolution of that goal. More importantly, he continues his tradition of compelling characters in involving situations. I wasn't thrilled with the way poor Jack kept getting slammed with defeat after defeat, though. In addition, although thoroughly enjoyable and even re-readable, this book lacked the \"oomph\" that would have let me give it a 5 rating. Like all the books in this series, the conversion to e-text was done via OCR and not as carefully as I would have preferred. but the result is readable."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was really eager to read this book after seeing all the great reviews for it.  However,  I started reading it and could not get into it.  The whole first half dragged for me, with not too much going on in the story. The writing was difficult to read at times, and I agree with some of the reviewers here, it often read as a screenplay which made it that much harder to get into.  But about halfway through the book, the plot starts moving and I actually end up finishing the book and I'm glad I did.  I'm still not sure why the book itself is getting rave reviews, but I am looking forward to seeing how the movie version of the book will turn out."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have never thought of giving a book a \"content suitability for certain audiences\" rating before I read this one.  I would have to give this an \"X: Adults Only\" rating due to the explicit sexual content, violence and language which I found unnecessary for this story line.This story tells a tale of two time lines in the life of a circus veterinarian. It begins as the elderly version of the man who is forced into memories of his youth. Through the story,  he is transported back and forth between the two time lines. This is the first dual time line story that I've actually enjoyed. With the exception of the \"X\" rated parts. This is a delightful easy read. The author has a talent for description which allows the reader to easily become absorbed by the story line.  She has done quite a bit of research into circuses of the past, which helps to make the story more authentic."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book took me by surprise.  It seemed to drag a bit through the first few chapters, but then it got very interesting very quickly.  I was not a fan of the bad language, but the author really tries to put the reader in the rough circus setting and unfortunately, the circus is composed of less-than-polished people.  This book is full of action, and has a great romance story.  I loved the ending.  Minus the language and crudeness, I would give this book 5 out of 5.PS (I'VE HEARD THAT ROBERT PATTINSON WILL BE PLAYING JACOB JANKOWSKI IN THE MOVIE IN 2011!)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I, too, am desperately seeking a copy of this book. I read it when I was in high school, and it really turned me on to reading.  I read that book 5 or six times - it was totally dog eared and worn.  Now, 20 years later, I  still think about it... and I can't find this book anywhere.  To me,  reading this story was like stepping back in time - into a romantic and  charming and exciting time... I really wish the publisher would re print  this book!  I would love to have my daughters read it now."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "\"Winds\" is a magnificent saga of the Henry family and their friends and associates told against a backdrop of the world events leading up to the USA's entry to WWII.  Navy Captain Victor \"Pug\" Henry travels the world doing odd jobs for FDR while Germany invades Poland, overruns France, and fights England and Russia.  In the meantime, FDR keeps the USA out of the war. After rubbing elbows with Churchill, Stalin, and Hitler, Pug finally finishes up his tasks for FDR and heads to Hawaii to command a battleship.  All Pug really ever wanted was a sea command, a decent shot at flag rank, and good lives for his family.  Wait a minute---Hawaii?  Isn't that where Pearl Harbor is?  When I read \"The Caine Mutiny\", I thought I had read Wouk's best.  Despite the rather narrower scope of \"Caine\", I still feel that way. Don't miss this one though, it's great."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "After all the hype about this book, I finally gave in to reading a borrowed copy. I wanted to like it, truly I did.  I made it to page 164 with some effort.  The characters were not developed well enough for me to like them.  Also, I work with elderly people and the narrator as an elderly man was not altogether believable.What I did enjoy was learning a bit about the circus business  back in the 30s.Please if you know of some real 5-star novels, non-romance, let me know."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was nothing short of amazing. From the first page to the last, I did not want to put it down and when it ended, I was sad it was over. One of the things that makes the book so strong is the characters. from Jacob to August to \"Rosie\", there isn't a character that I did not feel moved by at one point or another.There is a dark side to the circus life and this book will show you things you never imagined that happen outside the Big Top. So, if you are going to buy one book this year, make it this one."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "\"Carried water for elephants indeed. Do you have any idea how much water an elephant drinks?\" These words of Jacob Jankowski open this well-researched, fascinating novel about circus life. This story is told by ninety-something Jacob as he vacillates between the present and the past, reflecting upon an incredible life that was not always easy, but was satisfying.Jacob finds himself in a nursing home, his mind still active and questioning the meaning of his existence. Reminiscing about his life, he searches for meaning in the bland nursing home food and the fellow nursing home occupants, most of whom have surrendered their logical minds. As he remembers his life following the death of his parents when he was in his early twenties, he marvels at how every event led to the life he had.Well-researched and accurate, many incredible facts of circus life are divulged in this story. To add to this realism, there are actual photographs from circus archives. This is one unforgettable book!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I love the novel, Water for Elephants. It is the exciting tale of a young, veterinary student who ends up working for a third-rate, somewhat corrupt, traveling circus. He cares for the circus animals, while encountering danger, episodes of animal cruelty, violence and romance. It is a heart-pounding and endearing tale, told mostly in flashback.  The characters are larger-than-life, from the cruel circus owner, to the sideshow freaks, to the bawdy young ladies who perform for the grinning men - both onstage ... and off. I just loved this book from start to finish. And for those of you who have seen the film, the book has much more action, and less focus on the romantic angle. An action-packed, colorful story. I could not put it down."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Spolier Alert (kinda): I really enjoyed the reflection of the characters past and present. I found the love story to be a bit wishy washy.  when visting the main characters past I didn't really buy into the &#34;love at first sight&#34; idea. Not sure why, but I was asking why? Why did Marlena fall in love with Jacob? What made him stand out so much? It sounds bad that i say that, but I just didn't feel a spark between the characters. The whole damsel in distress was manufactured. Additionally, it was super convenient the way they ended up together in the end. Overall, I did enjoy the story and I was more drawn to the present version Jacob."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a tough book to write about. How many ways are there to say \"brilliant\"? This was a re-read for me of a war story and love story. The book far surpasses both. It was the first to describe war as it really is: with flawed heroes, horrible treatment of the civilian population by both sides, guerrillas who are both cruel and afraid, madmen in commanding positions, etc. It also tells about the Spanish Civil War, so for people are unaware that there actually was such a war, it is an eye-opener on the prelude to WWII. The book is appalling and beautiful at the same time. Please read it or re-read it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was recommended to me a 1000 times just by everybody (including Amazon). The thing is I thought it was going to be really depressing: a circus (they really depress me), great depression era.... and when I started reading it.... an old man in a home. Well, I finally thought, ok I HAVE to read it, at least to see why everybody is so in love with it, and now I am one of those people recommending it to everyone!Sara Gruen obviously has the gift of being a true story-teller, she just makes you read page after page completely forgetting your surroundings. The story is original, it has a drama and a force that absorbs you into it.If you want to have a great time reading or are looking for a special gift for someone: BUY THIS BOOK!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If you like adventure, romance, suspense, and excitement... read the last third of Water for Elephants. The first two-thirds set the stage for a thrilling ending, but that's all. Although Gruen's style of writing is rich with varied vocabulary and description, the elements of the first part of the plot evoke little to no emotion in the reader. Even if the author didn't spend a hundred pages building the back-story, the strange sexual elements that rear their ugly faces every few pages completely ruin the enjoyment of reading this book. If you want to spend 300 pages wondering why you're reading this story, then pick up Water for Elephants and enjoy the most boring story you have ever read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "From the very start, this book had me completely drawn - I felt immediate compassion for the main character, the author really made me think about what it means to become old and \"useless\" in our society. I couldn't put this book down, the story unfolded at just the right pace, and the characters were very real and alive to me. After buying a few \"duds\" recently (including Last Night in Twisted River- how dull and poorly written for such a supposedly acclaimed author that one was) I was so refreshed to read a book that made me lose myself in the story.There are scenes that are very hard to read as an animal lover, but the characters you are meant to identify with are good people, trying to do the right thing. I don't like circuses at all because of all the animal abuse, so I almost didn't buy this book - but glad I did!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was a fantastic story.  Jacob Jankowski is a 93 year old man.  When the circus pays a visit to the lot across from the Nursing Home he lives in, it takes him back to when he was employed by a circus during the depression.  And so the book alternates between today and the 1930's.  This book grabbed me from the beginning.  Especially since Jacob attended school at Cornell and caught the circus train on it's way to Utica.  Places I am very familiar with.  The fact that he is Polish is another plus.  This story is put together very well.  Gruen obviously did her research and I finish this book with some knowledge about Jamaica ginger paralysis, exotic animal behavior and of course, the circus.  It is definitely going on my personal list of \"classics\" and \"1001 books to read before you die\"."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I thoroughly enjoyed this book and couldn't wait to share it with others. All of my friends who've read it, love it as well. As you can tell from the near 5 star consensus from reviewers, this is a wonderful book, so I don't really need to go into a long drawn out review, but I will say that I loved the rich, interesting characters who felt like old friends by the end of the book and the story was engrossing and lovely - a true love story between lovers, between friends and between man and beast. And the total immersion into another world and time was just a bonus. You can't go wrong with this book!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'm a little late to the party on this book, but I just loved it. I had picked up Ape House, her second book, and got about halfway through before I gave up - it's really strange and awful. I wouldn't even have read this one unless it hadn't been our book club pick.Now I understand the hype. I love fiction where you learn something, and though this is no Grapes of Wrath, it's a great picture of Depression-era life, and the information on circuses was absolutely fascinating (if incredibly depressing). Put that together with a solid love story and I was sold.Chapters switching between times can be annoying, as you're essentially getting to know two different characters, even if it's the same person, but I felt it worked well here.Highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What is a life worth? How do you judge if someone is worth saving? What does it mean to be human? What or who is really an animal? Why can an individual choose how to live but not how to die? Who has the power to answer these questions? How do you know that person is right?Hidden beneath this easy-to-read though dark coming of age romance is a novel that prompts the reader to ask the above through the reminiscing of protagonist Jacob Jankowski who is prisoner in fact to old age and in feeling to a nursing home. The story begins as the circus rolls into town and the flood of Jankowski's past full of pleasure, joy, love, hate, regret & guilt washes over him.Sara Gruen brings the Circus Culture of the mid 20th century to life through meticulous research, both the bright spot light and the grittier nature of transitory existence. Anyone who ever dreamed of running away to the big top or just dreamed of running away should read this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Loved it! This was a really complete story. The characters were fascinating, the setting exotic and the story enthralling from the beginning. The writing didn't get in the way of the story (which I love). I loved the animal characters and their relations with the humans. It had a \"Life of Pi\" vibe, but was more grounded in reality. I got very attached to the main character as an old man (it jumps back and forth - but not in an annoying way - really lends itself to telling the epic of his life while only delving into a few years of it). The author shows restraint describing any suffering of animals and lowly circus workers - which I appreciate - can't stand when they knock you over the head with it. Very well researched, no boring details - just the good stuff :)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I wasn't sure if I wanted to read this, but I picked it up at a garage sale on the cheap.  The storyline was completely engrossing and I couldn't put it down.  I know nothing about circus life, so I can't comment on whether or not the circus elements are factual.  I do have experience both working in and visiting nursing homes and the descriptions here sadly ring true.  A review on the cover described the book as gritty and sensual and it is certainly both in a very entertaining way.  One of the few books that I immediately wanted to read again as soon as I finished it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "No, I won't forget WATER FOR ELEPHANTS any time soon. The prologue is one of the best I've read in a long time. I actually called a friend and ready it to her out loud. The characters, in particular, Rosie the elephant and Jacob are accurate and tender, each in their own sometimes sad and poignant way. This book is a summer hit for a reason--it's an enjoyable read filled with the peculiarities of circus life that intrigue and woo all who are drawn to such a menagerie known as the \"Greatest Show on Earth.\" ~Carol D. O'Dell"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I listened to the audiobook version of this book (great production!) but was one of those who was somewhat disappointed. I had read the glowing reviews and thought I'd give it a try. I listened to it all and thought the characters were wonderful but the plot was so slow. I felt like there were so many opportunities that the author had with the themes, time period, etc.that were not used. I give it three stars but there are so many other good books out there worth the 11 hours of time."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I finished this book only because I felt like I had to. I suppose it was well researched and written because I felt the same way about reading it that I feel going to a county fair or local carnival: a little grimy, a little ashamed, a little grossed out. It's not a glamorous life and it wasn't a good time, economically speaking. The writer definitely gets that across. The content was just a little disturbing to me. But for those who like a dark and somewhat gritty story, this is probably really enjoyable. Just not for me."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a great vacation read.  The book is engaging and easy to read.  The author has paralleled the story of Jacob into a depression era love and life story that takes place in a circus.  In Water For Elephants, Jacob steals the love of another man's wife.  The man is cruel and probably mentally ill.  Jacob's heartrending moral dilemma over his love for Marlena amid all the circus characters and their individual tales forms the struggle in the novel. While the novel is character driven, it has plenty of action.  I agree with another reviewer that this book would make a good movie. I gave this 4.5 stars.  It is good not great literature."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "'Water for Elephants' provides an insiders peek behind the curtain of a traveling train circus. Anyone who ever went to a circus and played the games on the midway are rubes wanting to be thrilled, enchanted and take leave of reality for a day. The illusion lasts about as long as cloud of cotton candy. The inside story delves into the darker aspects of what makes the circus viable especially during the 1930's Depression era. The reader is introduced to a strict caste system from bosses to performers to roustabouts that determines one's position among a long train of characters. The practice of 'redlighting' is  particularly powerful, a Darwinian, survival of the fittest practice where the circus bosses have the used up roustabouts tossed from the train as excess baggage. Our hero is Jacob Jankowski that over the course of  only 3 1/2 months joins the circus. As a veternarian he does not fit into the caste system. Through his character we take a journey making allies with unlikely people, finding love and slaying personal deamons."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have had Water for Elephants on my wish list for quite some time now...when the movie came out I thought I better read it before someone gave the ending away. As soon as I started reading the first line I couldn't stop. I caught myself hiding my kindle under my desk so I could read the next few lines and holding my breath while doing so. This book is so brilliantly written I don't even know how to review it. Sarah G. is so passionate about the animals and the characters in this book that you will find your heart breaks at certain turns and you cheer out loud for the loveable Jacob. I was so incredibly sad when it ended that I immediately ordered another book from Sarah G....The Ape House and I have to say I'm equally enthralled by it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What an enjoyable book!  The plot, although at times a little predictable, was refreshing and well written.  I fell in love with Jacob young, but especially Jacob old.  His frustration with the tricks his body and mind had played on him were real and understandable.  His joy at the end of the book put a grin on my face. I know there have been quite a few of you who found the profanity excessive and gratuitous, but I think it fit the station of life and the time period and would not let it stop me from a book this enjoyable.  I would recommend this book to anyone, but especially those of you who find the time period of the 30's facinating."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I thought this book was wonderful!  I loved the way the author juxtaposes the young Jacob with the older Jacob; such a method has the potential to be jerky or awkward, but the transitions are smooth and the reader can easily manage to keep up with both storylines.Gruen is a skilled storyteller, I was caught from the first page and couldn't put the book down.  I love when a book does that, and makes me both happy and sad, and this book does both of these things at various points.  The most emotional aspect of the book for me was how Jacob felt about being in a nursing home, his frustration at having a \"young\" mind in an older body, and being treated as though he's senile by the nursing home staff as well as his own family.  This happens a lot in our culture, we tend to pack away the old because we don't want to be reminded of what we will be one day.  Wonderful, wonderful.  5 stars."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have never read anything like this and I loved every page.  Very few books have actually made me gasp in shock.  There is so much about the traveling circus that is appalling yet intriguing at the same time.  And who knows what is fact and fiction?  Gruen blends the two beautifully.  I am now really interested to learn more about this era of the circus.  I read my copy in 3 days and have already loaned it out.  Trust me, this is a good book!  And so different from any story line I've ever read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "First of all, Sara Gruen tells a really good story. People and animals both have their moments. What most impresses me though is her ability to show the feelings and memories of an old man. Once old, we tend to forget that the old man in a nursing home was once a part of exciting and dangerous events.To me, the viewpoint and dialogue of Joseph at 90 (or 93) really makes this book.Give it a read.And now the point of the Audio review:  If you like the book then you will find the unabridged audio a real treat. The reader captures the characters and takes you right along. We have listened to the story twice and still appreciate the skill of the reader and the beauty of this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Oh how I loved this book! The story is told by its main character, Jacob who is now confined to a nursing home, reminiscing about his time spent in the circus. It tells of Jacob's life travelling in a circus during the Depression and of the harsh conditions for the workers in during this time. There are so many great characters in this novel that have great depth to them, including Rosie the Elephant. This is much more than a novel about the circus, it has a great story that everyone should do themselves a favour and read! I'm looking forward to seeing whether the movie can capture just what a truly captivating story this novel tells. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I am continually puzzled by the publishing industry's \"prizes.\"  This book takes up an astonishing amount of shelf space in book stores.  Cover to cover there is nothing in it.  It is like reading a cut and paste book.  The characters are thin, flavorless, cliched, sleep-inducing.  The same with the dialogue.  I am still trying to determine what the author's purpose was, unless it was to bore us to tears (those would be the only tears shed).  I felt like it was written by an automaton, someone who does not care about the craft of writing but thinks she is precious.  There is no strength to the story or the sentences.  I actually felt insulted by this drivel.Read The Deptford Trilogy, by Robertson Davies.  Now there is a circus story you won't forget."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It is hard to find a book that can be described by these four words: Brutal, Moving, Honest and Surprising.  But Water for Elephants is just that novel.  It is not for the faint hearted, and the cruelty and squalor depicted rival some of the works of Dickens.  But also like Dickens there is a sheer honesty and redemption to be found, and as for the ending ... well I will not give anything away except to say that I did not see it coming.  An outstanding book by an outstanding writer."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have to say that I was skeptical about reading this book.  A friend of mine talked me into downloading it onto my Kindle...and well...I finished the book in two days.  I wasn't sure about reading about a circus, but it is also a bit of a love story (nothing intense).  I found the book easy to read and I loved the fact that the book goes back to the past and then to the present with the main character (an older man maybe ninety or ninety three) in a nursing home with a sense of humor. I will recommend this book to my friends."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is much more than a cookbook and rightly deserves it's title. Many people associate Mexican cooking with tamales, tacos and burritos which is no surprise as many of the Mexican restaurants in the US limit their menus to such items. This book goes beyond what Americans consider traditional Mexican cooking and highlights many of the recipes derived from their Spanish ancestors, executed with local ingredients.This oversized book is separated into regions and includes recipes as well as detailed information on the country. There is an extensive chapter on seafood including some excellent recipes which shouldn't come as a surprise since Mexico boasts a 6000 mile coastline. Extensive photography is also included in this book making it a suitable for anybody. If you can find a spot for it on your bookshelve, buy this book!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had heard this was a good book.  I was misinformed.  This was the most crude, foul book I have ever attempted to read.  Though the main story was mildly interesting, the all too frequent use of profanity and descriptions of intimate relations put me off entirely.  I started trying to use white out to cover the offensive items.  I quickly realized that would include a great deal of the book.  I decided I didn't want to fill my mind with such things and stopped reading.  This book went directly into the recycle bin rather than being donated to a thrift store.  I didn't want another unwitting person to go through the same experience I did."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The All American Girls Professional Baseball League had a six year run of success starting in 1943. Lois Browne doesn't get bogged down in stats and micro detail, but does an excellent job of describing what it was like to play in the league. Women had very few opportunities in the work force back then , and though their pay was far below the Major League men, it was more than women usually made elsewhere. My only criticism is that perhaps the book could be a little longer. Still, it is one I highly recommend. These women did help pave the way for future women's sports."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is one of the best books I've read in years.  It had excellent character development and I had to keep reminding myself that it was fiction.  Since hearing about the dreadful Hartford circus fire from my mother (who had friends perish), I have always found it to be such an interesting topic.  This bridged the gap from story to reality by referencing some of the real aspects of the circus by utilizing that backdrop with an interesting storyline.  I cannot wait until the next book!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "While certainly Water for Elephants includes the harsh reality of what circus life was like during the depression, I found it more of a story of hope, love and survival. How desperation drives people to do tragic things to one another, yet just when you think all is lost, a surprising hero can save the day.As with any good story, the author must offer conflict and contrast, and as much as animal cruelty existed in the story, so did an intense love for animals that some of the characters had. In many ways this story was one of good vs. evil set in the unusual backdrop of the circus train.This is one of my new favorites.  I read it twice, about a year apart and I enjoyed it as much the second time."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had heard a lot of positive comments on this book for a while and thought I would see for myself what all the praise was about.  Well this book deserves 5 stars and more.  It is really a book that will stay with you for a while.  I know it will be among my all time favorites, as well it should.  The writer has done an excellent job fleshing out the people and you almost feel as if you know them personally or have dealt with people like time in real life.  The depression was deep in the US when the story is introduced.  Life can hand out a lot of hard knocks, even to animals.  I really never thought about that aspect of life before. I am very happy I had the opportunity to read this book.  I delayed reading it many times because frankly the title put me off.  Then I remembered to never judge a book by it's title."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants, by Sara Gruen, is a pleasurable book to read.  Among its many virtues, is Guren's recreation of the atmosphere of depression era America, and a unique circus subculture that existed in what now must be viewed as the lost past.  Leading this tale is a genuinely likeable guy, a rarity in contemporary literature.  This hugely popular book is without serious lessons to preach or meaning to convey.  Rather, it is a good story which provided me with many hours of pleasant diversion."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Page 162/163 shows a man holding up a little puppy as others look on including one smiling, he is staring right into the puppy's eyes, while the decapitated carcass of another dog is right next to him. It says in the description that it is part of Cantonese \"culture\" to feed puppies with white rice for nine months and then butcher them. I want to make a point that any person who can stare a little puppy in the face and then butcher them during non-famine times is not a human being. This is barbarism, pure and simple. I really like Asian people but they can't hide behind \"culture\" and expect everyone else to keep quite, the same goes for everyone else. This is the 21st century, not the Middle Ages. Every group of people on the planet need to change for the better, not make excuses for backwardness."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "They just don't write mysteries like Alistair MacLean did anymore. This is one of my all time favorite books. I first read my dad's copy as a teen, and was excited to find this edition, the same as the original I read, on Amazon.The story is gripping and engaging, and the twist at the end (a signature MacLean move which he save literally to the last page... no cheating!) will have you going back and re-reading it just to experience the story with that knowledge!The book was in excellent condition when it arrived - thank you seller."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I bought this book on a whim at a bookstore at an airport while waiting for my flight.  I couldn't be more pleased with my purchase.  I am generally not a fiction reader, but this book was so \"real\" that I couldn't put it down.  The author tells the story from the viewpoint of a 90-something year old man from start to finish.  A young 20-something almost done with veterinary school's world comes crashing down when his parents are involved in a freak accident that causes their death.  Not knowing what to do with his life, Jacob signs on to work for a traveling circus.  Not only does this book paint an accurate picture of its protagonist, but it paints an accurate historic picture of life with animals, traveling with a circus, and the time period in which the book is set.I recommend this book to anyone.  It is an easy and quick read that will impress you start to finish."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a 300 page book which took about 200 pages to grab me. It felt like the first 2/3 of this book just created background, letting us know the various characters in the circus and giving us a sense of life in that traveling circus of the 1930s. All of this was well written and interesting, but there was not much of a story until the final 100 pages, or at least it never grabbed me until then. I didn't start to really care about the narrator until then. Those final 100 pages were great fun, and I loved the ending of this book. I recommend this book, but cannot quite give it four stars when I spent most of the book waiting for things to pick up. If you read this, just sit back and enjoy the good portrait of circus life in the depression. Don't be impatient, like me. Eventually, this picks up steam and delivers so well. The ending is one of the best I have read in so long."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Thus book remains a great achievement of travel writing, head and shoulders about other &quot;walking&quot; travel guides. The walks are thoughtfully designed to comprehensively cover the city; Georgina Masson's writing is cultured, individual and excellent, and the book is chock full of interesting background detail to bring the city alive. Rome is a unique and fascinating place and she definitely gets it! Wore out one copy of this book (earlier edition purchased in '78) and am now working on the second, unfortunately much heavier edition, also not the current one.Not a book for the short-stay or casual visitor who just wants to hit the top sites, but if you want to do some in depth exploration, a tremendous resource (definitely a read ahead resource).  Buy this book while you can - its gone out of print a couple of times so far!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was given this book to borrow -- \"It is just a wonderful book.\" I cannot stand mediocre writing, and for this reason I don't often read popular fiction. I pushed into it, however, hoping for the best. Just could never care at all about the characters. The old guy is grumpy and resentful. Some of the circus behind-the-scenes reporting is interesting, but much of that is pretty low-life and tawdry. Not for me. I will read the ending and report back to my friend, but I will not read the rest of it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water For Elephants was just what I wanted in a book right now: an easy read, fun, romantic, with a unique setting. Sara Gruen's research into the life of long forgotten train circuses and America in the 1930s was obviously extensive and the way she used her knowledge in the writing of the book was loving and playful and made me want to learn more about it. There were a few things that I looked up, curious to know if they were the author's invention or actual historical facts that she incorporated into her story. For example, I had never heard of \"Jake Leg\" before and commend her for revealing in the context of her book parts of American history that most people must be unfamiliar with. The characters were well drawn and the fictional Circus she created was completely believable. I loved the photographs that accompanied each chapter which added to the believablity of her story. I would recommend this book to anyone looking to immerse themselves in a good old fashioned yarn filled with romance and even a little danger."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book is well written and very organized. The author did an excellent job of explaining a complicated subject and I was surprised at how easy it was to read. It was so interesting and informative that couldn't put the book down once I started to read it. I purchased four more books of different titles and read them with the same ease. It's not that the subject is any easy read but it was so clearly explained and flowed very nicely as it untangled many questions that I had concerning prophecy. I purchased this title for a friend of mine and highly recommend this book to anyone interested in Bible prophecy."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "\"The Winds of War\" by Herman Wouk was one of the best books I have read in a very long time.  I have just ordered \"War and Remembrance\" because I finished the latter today and need to continue with the story.  The first half of the story (the first book) was a bit slow at first and I was reluctant to continue on, however it soon picked up pace and I couldn't put it down.  The story was heart-rending and I became sympathetic to all of the main characters and felt disdain towards the antagonists, just as the protagonists felt. I recommend this book to anyone who loves America and the struggle to gain freedom in a time when hope seemed far in the distance.  This book will enliven the American spirit.  I am sure that \"War and Remembrance\" will be just as well-written as \"The Winds of War\" and I look forward to reading how the character's lives end up.  Read This!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had no desire whatsoever to read this book until I saw a trailer for the movie. The tailer caught my eye and since books are always better then the movie I took a chance and found that I thought it was a great story. The story felt real. It's a very believeable read and I liked that it wasn't sugar coated. It held my interest and taught me a lot about circus life in that time period. The ending completely caught me off guard. Water for Elephants is a story that will stay with me forever. I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys reading!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was awesome!  I really couldn't put it down...one of those books where I try to get somewhere early just so I have time to read while I wait.  I bought it because I saw that the movie was coming out...and I always like to read a book before the movie.  I was NOT disappointed and now am anxiously awaiting the movie release.  I loved it how it went back and forth between Jacob's time in the circus and his life at age 94.  A wonderful love story...but it was much more than that! I highly recommend!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "While I don't completely regret reading this book about a young man who joins the circus as a vet in the 1930's, in hindsight I defintely would have chosen another book. It starts off with a bang, then slows down significantly in the middle, and it ends quite nicely. It's your typical boy meets girl, boy falls in love with girl story. I did enjoy the historical fiction aspect of it and I truly enjoyed the final portion of the book where the author writes about why, how, and what she did to write this book.I'd recommend it to the causal reader, but a more sophisticated reader may want to look elsewhere."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants is loaded with interesting words because Sara Gruen owns a commanding vocabulary, and utilizes her well-chosen words with precision.  She also understands how to set the hook and carefully reel her reader in.  She's a master angler.The story is entertaining and the setting--a train circus-- is interesting.  Obviously Gruen heavy research is what birthed the rich detail.While some call this a romance book, the romance is lacking and rushed.  This is more of an action-adventure \"who done it.\""}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Life in the circus during the Depression is probably depicted very accurately; times were hard and people were desperate.  The circus setting for the book is excellent; but, in my opinion, the plot is somewhat weak and the ending was less than I had hoped for.As others have described the scenes vary from life in a nursing home to Jacob's past life in the circus.  I actually liked that juxtapostion and felt it was done well.  I loved the pictures in the book and felt they added a lot.  In short, not a bad read, just not as gripping as I had hoped it would be."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "It is amazing how some writers can blather on for hundreds of pages and yet be barren of memorable phrase or image, yet how a select few demonstrate the maxim of &quot;less is more.&quot;  Beryl Bainbridge and  her most recent novel Master Georgie surely fall into this latter category.  Each chapter in this short (190 pages) novel takes its title from a  picture illustrating its contents.  This is an effective technique, as the  photographic image provides both a jumping-off point for Bainbridge's  particular scene and narrator (the novel is given from several points of  view) and a framing device for the scene. I look forward to more of her  fiction."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This story feels magical, while containing it's fair share of hard-hitting reality. It's a depression era story of a lost soul joining a traveling, American circus. It reads like a memoir of the story's main character, Jacob. The story begins in a modern day setting, where you meet Jacob as an elderly man, living in a retirement home.A circus is setting up just across the street from Jacob's retirement home, and the whole place is buzzing about it. It brings back Jacob's memories of his time traveling around the country with the Benzini Brothers Most Spectacular Show on Earth. As a young man, he worked as their veterinarian.Jacob's relationships with the animals in the circus, as well as the crew members and performers are my favorite aspects of this novel. The author reveals that many of the most entertaining stories and plot twists concerning the animals were based on real occurrences. The author really did her homework, and it shows. The story line in endearing and entertaining."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Following a family tragedy, Jacob Jankowski abandons life as a college student, and instead of working as a veterinarian alongside his father, finds himself caring for animals in a traveling circus--the Benzini Brothers Most Spectacular Show on Earth. Jacob befriends numerous characters, from the glamorous performer Marlena, to the alcoholic Camel, who works setting up the circus, to the Benzini Brothers' star elephant, Rosie. As he travels between different castes of the circus and across America, Jacob narrates the triumphs and hardships experienced by the people and animals of the Great Depression-era attraction.Interspersed throughout the novel are chapters that introduce the reader to the present-day, nonagenarian Jacob, as he laments his current living arrangement in a nursing home.Despite several graphic descriptions of animal abuse and the cruelty displayed the novel's antagonists, the story is ultimately fun, escapist and sentimental, with an optimistic, if improbable, conclusion."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'd heard so much about Bainbridge...how she has been nominated (and overlooked) for the Booker five times...how her short novels are beloved by a cultish following. So I grabbed Master Georgie while on a business trip  and buried myself in its atmosphere. I don't think I've read anyone like  her. One of the reviewers here compared the experience to browsing through  a collection of photos, and that is true. Somewhat frustrating, though, is  that - as with aged photographs - you never quite get the feeling that you  know these characters or have their full stories. Maybe if Beryl Bainbridge  were sitting alongside me to fill in the gaps. Nevertheless, I'm ready to  plunge into another Bainbridge and am curious to know if anyone else has  favorites."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "If I have ever read a book that is timeless, other than the Word of God, it would have to be this one.  Although I may not have agreed with every word written, so many of the words of wisdom within these pages brought peace and comfort to me.I read this book many, many years ago.  I quoted from it at times and thought of it often. The words seemed to wrap themselves around your heart and spring out in times of need. There are not many books that can stake that claim, and I have read many.A classic in my opinion and a book that will never be outdated.Recommended."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is one of the worst books I have ever read. I have to admit I did not finish it. It was simultaneously boring, cliched, badly written and trite. Oh and repetitive. The only redeeming feature of the book was the parts where Jacob was an old man. If the author could write like that more consistently then she would be on to something. I cannot figure out why people love this book so much. If you compare it to another recently very popular book, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, at least that book was riveting, even though it was also not very well written. I am not looking for Faulkner, but if a book is not high literature it should at least have a compelling plot. This book had neither neither good writing style nor an interesting plot. Don't waste your time."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for elephants was certainly an entertaining read, but I have  read better. It did help to open my eyes to the life of circus performers in the 1920's. This was very well projected throughout the entire book, and it was easy to tell that the author was very well educated on the topic. I do think however that there should be a warning about the sexual content within the book. I would only recommend it for mature readers. I would recommend this book if you have a lot of time to enjoy the context in which it was written."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants offers some thing for everyone.  If you're a pragmatist you will love the research and facts concerning the circus of the depression era.  If a romantic, the ending will be for you. If you are young, the choices and frustrations suffered by Jacob will be yours. For me, a senior citizen, the gerentology  added greatly to the story.I thought it a great read especially since there are 70 years between the youth and aged of the story which is told in flashback form. There is little in common between the two periods of time except for love and the anticipation of all ages.Try it, you will like it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A major portion of the novel is told through the thoughts of Robert Jordan, with flashbacks to meetings with Russians in Madrid, and some reflections on his father and grandfather. Jordon's inner monologues fascinate and clearly demonstrate Hemingway's skill with language and character development. Jordan, at one point comments to himself, that he is his own best companion. Because of his wartime responsibilities, he cannot allow himself to be overcome by emotion, which he considers a luxury. Whenever he feels anger, deep love, disappointment, foreboding, fear, anything that will distract him from his purpose, he talks himself down and refocuses. In such a relatively brief period, he begins to love life as never before, because of his feelings for Maria. Even here, however, he accepts that if anything happens to him, he is fortunate to have experienced a lifetime in three and a half days."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this in hard-copy when it was first published.  During several moves, I have lost the book.  I decided to get the Kindle edition and I am thrilled to read this wonderful author again.  I found the sequel 'War and Remembrance' in the last move and will read that.  This is a long novel but well worth the time.  Although fiction, it involved historical figures that give it a real-life experience quality.  The fictional characters are fully developed and it is easy to visualize their life during the run up to World War II.  It is definitely a cautionary tale in today's world where most of us have the tendency to bury our heads in sand--or in family and work--and hope things will get better without doing anything ourselves.  Great read.  I'm still on the second half (because this is really two volumes) and even knowing the end, I'm rooting for Natalie and Aaron to get back home."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this books years ago when it came out and thought it was good, but not great.  I reread it as a book club selection and liked it much better due to the depth of characters.  The author has done her research in the life of the circus performers.  I hated the cruelty shown to some of the animals, but I know some of those things took place.  True love wins with the risks people are willing to take to be with their \"soul mate\".  The end is pretty unbelievable with an old man running away to join the circus (again).  However, it made me hopeful that this ignored man would find happiness in his last years."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I loved this book! I couldn't put it down! It was a bit \"fluffier\" reading than I originally thought it would be, but it was fabulous none-the-less. The descriptions are vivid, not cliched; the characters are interesting; and the weaving of present-day Jacob with the Jacob of a bygone era is delightful.I would call this a must read... not because it will change your life or make you think about the world around you, but because it is just so enjoyable. I gave it a 4.5 because it isn't a book that will make you think long after the last page is read, but it will make you sad you've left the colorful circus world of Jacob Jankowski."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I liked this book, wouldn't say it was the best one I've ever read though. The story itself was well thought out and put together with good incorporations of the flashback to 1931 and the action occurring in the present. I think right after the beginning when Jacob first joins the circus and they get the elephant is a little slow where there is not really much of a plot that has been introduced yet so it was slightly tedious in some parts in that area. The other thing is that there might have been a couple of unnecessary characters that made the story too much of a task to follow at times with all the names and who is who and such."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I can only say; be careful, because you won't be able to read very many other authors after reading Mr. O'Brian's work. I purchased and, in disgust, discarded several books immediately after reading this series; and did that each time I re-read the series. I will unashamedly admit I have read the Aubrey and Maturin series at least 10 times, and am looking forward to reading it yet again. So much of the drivel out there on the Bestseller shelf is written so that a person with the reading comprehension skills of a 9th grader can understand it (and let's face it, that's probably 80% of the folks in America), but that is not the case with these books.I, as you can probably tell, absolutely love this series."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This story, about a young man who runs away to the circus, is beautiful in the way it paints an older man near the end of his life in a loving, endearing way. Older people are real people whose value is in no way diminished. In fact, they have lived their life and survived life's most difficult challenges. And yet despite all they've learned and know, they are given so little respect. Every day they courageously cope with challenges that most of us have never even come close to experiencing. Even their family often treats them callously, or worse, like little children. Some older folk are cranky, like the character in this story, but considering what they've been through, they deserve kindness in return, not defensiveness. The treatment of this older man by nurse Rosemary in this book has inspired me to love older people and respect them more."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Loved it, loved it, loved it.  Gruen 'feels' what it must be like to retain a facile mind but be trapped in an aging body.  What do we have left?  Our memories--the 'pictures' we have made through life that are filed away in our memory banks.  Props to Gruen for her obvious deep research into the time period, especially what circus life was really like during the depression (and beyond).  Her characters are engaging and true to form, and she uses them to weave a wonderful tale.  A great read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The story takes us and the Henry Family from 1939 to 1941.  We see how the coming war changes members of the Henry family and their friends.  We meet some of the important people who shaped the world and led us into War.  We participate in the invasion of Poland and learn who the war changed the lives of those who were involved.  Some characters face terrible challenges and rise to the occasion and others fail.  Hitler was not a nice person.  Read the book and watch the miniseries.  It was interesting to see the attitudes of many Americans before the war and others in Europe how they thought things were going."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I really enjoyed reading this book. I had to do so through tears most of the time. I really loved the way she wrote the story from both perspectives of Jacob as a young man and as an old man. It helped it mean more to me to read about it from his memory. It reminded me of what treasures we have in our elderly. I also loved to see all the old pictures, they were great. On the down side of the book there was more then needed sex and bad language in the story for me. But that's just me. I do like the book and am very glad I read it. I would suggest it to other adults to read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a good book about the circus (a comment I never thought I would ever make).  Jacob's story is heartbreakingly sympathetic.  Ms. Gruen's mastery of the circus vocabulary really sets the stage for the plotline.  A remarkable amount of reseach went into writing circus lore.  This is no Barnum and Bailey's Greatest Show on Earth.  This is a downtrodden, edging ever closer to disaster circus run by the same type of people.  I must admit I had to skip anything that resembled animal cruelty (although I am sure it is factual).  My inability to deal with this led to my giving the book only 4 stars.  A reflection on the reviewer more than on the book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I started reading Water for elephants after watching the movie trailer. I loved it and after going to the cinema I have to say that the novel is really really better. There are more elements than the love story the movie tells. The historical period is described well, the characters are more interesting and Jacob's everyday life is one of the best descriptions of what an old man thinks and feels when he is far from his family.It's an amazing book and even if you're not an english native speaker (as I am) it's an easy read"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "We listened to this on a road trip out west and I loved it! The story itself was a great leave from my everyday, but the voices were fantastic! I loved hearing cantankerous 90 (or 93..) year old Jakob tell his tale. If you enjoyed reading this book, I'm sure you will love it more hearing the tale from the two Jakobs. If you haven't read the book, there is a good chance you will be drawn in by the storytellers and end up loving it. We sat in the car after we arrived home for the last 10 minutes of the book we were so enthralled.Get this and listen to it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Jane Goodall does an excellent job in describing how she started her career as a zoologist and humanitarian worker. She gives excellent descriptions of how chimpanzees interact as family members, how they feel like people do - and what people can learn from them. Her book makes us readers aware of how close animals can come to how human beings feel and act, and that man is by no means far superior to animals. It also gives us an incentive to appreciate animals and to respect them. Obviously, Jane Goodall observes and then accurately narrates. Even in the shadow of man, animals develop healthy, and man needs to respect that."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I remember this beloved book from when I was a child and first learning to read. I loved it then, as I do now. I recently bought a replacement copy FOR MYSELF, as my children misplaced it somewhere along the way. My lady asked me for whom I was purchasing the book and I responded truthfully, \"Me.\" Gotta love the Berenstain Bears! I do, and I'm 47! I find myself often reciting the book whenever I'm feeling the need for a little lift of my mood and a spontaneous smile. Indulge yourself and any little ones in your life. You won't regret owning this classic."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book along with it's companion, War and Remembrance, are so full of vivid history.  I learned from these books more about WWII including what led up to it than any history class, documentary, or history book could ever provide.On top of all this history is a touching tale about a military family that suffers the highs and lows of personal events (romance, divorce, death, etc.) while rubbing elbows with all the great names of that time.The authors descriptions of some of the battle scenes (The German defeat of the French) are so real that I felt I had experienced them first hand.  This should be required reading for any WWII history class."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was extremely happy with every aspect of this book until, in one of the final chapters, when Uncle Al tells Jacob that August is a paranoid schizophrenic, or as he puts it, a \"paragon schizophonic\".  After reading this, there seemed to me to be simply too many similarities with an older novel I read in 2006, William Styron's modern classic SOPHIE'S CHOICE.  A beautiful Catholic woman and a handsome Jewish man who fight a lot due to the man's schizophrenia, another younger man who is new to their 'group' who has feelings for the woman...sex...death...the only dfference seems to be the circus setting and the fact that in this, the woman DOESN'T die and ends up married to the new, younger man.  A nice book, but not extremely original, at least not in the romantic storyline."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I love reading books which captivate me so much that I constantly think about them; the characters, the plot...what's going to happen. When I was a child, Enid Blyton's books did the same thing for me. Sara Gruen is the kind of author a lot of people (including me) should aspire to be like.  Although this is a ficticuous novel, some of the events are true...Ms. Gruen should be applauded  for doing such an excellent job weaving past events with fiction. Her writing style is superb. Most people will probably start reading the book and think they know the ending......you won't!  That's how brilliant this author is.I highly recommend this book...and, oh, in addition, I would LOVE to see the next traveling circus.  (Do they still exist?)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Just finished this wonderfully colorful novel & I was not disappointed.....Once I started reading,I could NOT put it down...Loved the circus setting,strong characters and animals...Now I cannot wait to see the movie...One of the best stories I have read all year....And the author very realistically portrays what it actually means to get older...I'm not as old as the elder Jacob yet but each year that goes by,I can tell the difference in the physical abilities....If you are looking for entertainment,this book will provide it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I've had this book for two years and only just read it last week.  Why did I wait so long???  This truely is a gem.  You feel like you know all the characters, and the ones you don't know so well are introduced with enough hints and inuendos that you can easily imagine their colorful pasts.  I fell in love with the elephant.  She brought a wonderfully odd twist to the story.And as for the author, I was half way through the book before I paid attention to the jacket picture and realised that it was a female. She wrote exactly as a man would tell the story.  The elderly Jacob was perfectly portrayed.  She has obviously been around very old people and knows how they act and react to all kinds of situations.I truely did not want the story to end."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "From the moment that Jacob Jankowski hops a ride on a circus train outside of Itaca, New York the story pulls you right into the circus life. A tragic chain of events have caused Jacob to hop on this train, but the ride also causes him to meet the love of his life. The author does a brillant job of telling this story of Jacob's circus life from his own memory at the age of ninty or is it ninty three while recovering in a nursing home. This story in a story is truly delightful how Jacob handles the aging process and the other people in the nursing home. I was very impressed how the author handled the transition between stories. While the circus brought many people laughter and excitment during the \"Great Depression\" and \"Prohibition\", I found that the life was very tragic for some of the workers and animals. It was frankly a very hard life."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I've probably read this book over 4 or 5 times throughout the years, first having read it as part of an assignment in a High School English class.  This is my absolute favorite book, and I'll tell you why.  As many reviewers have already pointed out, this book is enjoyable on so many levels: the characters are deep and complex; the questions about their purpose are deep.As a native Spanish speaker, I truly enjoy this book much more because Hemingway's prose is an exact translation of how the characters would speak in their Spanish setting, which I only realize now living in Puerto Rico and re-reading this masterpiece after many years (and two war tours).  The conversations, which may seem awkward to a non-Spanish speaker, are perfectly natural if translated into Spanish, adding to the realism of his tale.  Chalk this up to Hemingway's genius and his ability to create realistic worlds in which his characters live and die."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was so excited about this book. Something about it really made me want to love it. I bought the hardcover, which is something I never do, because I didn't want to wait for the paperback edition. I should have saved my money.The story was interesting enough and it certainly kept me engaged for the entirety of the novel. I would have liked the detail to be more fleshed out. Some parts seemed to be rushed (like the ending) while others were oddly long. I also think it was easy to tell that it was a woman attempting to write from a male perspective and while sometimes that works out fine this time something seemed a bit off.Still the book was fine and everything came full circle. The ending was neat and tidy, but really not a bit realistic. If you are looking for a quick read this would fit the bill, but it's not a book I'm keeping around and I certainly wouldn't read it again."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I wasn't sure about this book after some of the reviews, etc. I guess the whole circus thing wasn't of interest to me, and so I put off buying this title for months. But last week, I gave in when it was listed at a phenomenal price. And I have to say, I loved it!It is by far the best thing I have read on my Kindle. Exciting, romantic, adventurous and slightly sorrowful at times. The characters were unforgettable. I adore Jacob at age 21 (and age 93) and he is a wonderful protagonist. This book is about circus life and the tragedy of a young man, but it is a love story as well. It is also filled with creatures great and small. So would I recommend this? Yes... because Water For Elephants is fabulous."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I purposely read Water for Elephants very slowly because I didn't want it to end. I thought the story was imaginative and magical, the characters vivid, and Gruen really brought the gritty 1930s circus atmosphere to life. I rarely re-read books, only because there are so many others to read, but this one I will re-read. One reviewer said it's just a notch above standard chick-lit, and I couldn't disagree more. This is literature. It's a fairy tale for grownups, and I mean that as high praise."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I had such a love hate relationship with this book. I struggled in the beginning that I even wanted to read it, but with all the hype and the movie coming out I figured I should trudge on. Overall, I'm glad I did. After a certain part there really are no dull moments, and lots of plot twists. The writing and character development is phenomenal, although there were a lot of graphic parts that I thought could've been left out and made me not want to continue sometimes (and I'm pretty tough). Towards the end I was flying through it and cannot wait to see how they pull off the movie!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "From the other reviews, i was expecting to have my socks knocked off as I had in \"The Glass Castle\" by Jeannette Walls and \"Replay\" by Ken Grimwood, but instead I found that I was pleasantly entertained. No more. No less. The most impressive parts of this book were Sara's portrayal of the elderly. I imagine that life for the elderly is pretty much as she portrays it, which I found enlightening and interesting. These parts ended up being my favorite! The rest of the book is colorful, imaginative, and worthwhile."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Frankly, all of the good things have been said about this book by other reviewers. I can only thank Public Radio that had a review of it. Otherwise I would not have heard of it.One of the things that the book points out is how tough life was during the depression.  American today have no concept of what it was like for people who earned no money, had no money, and had no place to go. There were no homeless shelters, no social security.  It was a different world.Gruen does a great job of showing the read the America of the Depression years and also tells a wonderful story."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoy reading these books with my 2YO. The words are short, the illustrations are entertaining and the story doesn't drag on to bore him. He is able to turn the pages and tell me the story by just looking at the pictures! He is especially fascinated by the animals- goose, moose, mouse, pig...and always giggles at &#34;kick the stone&#34;- for whatever reason. Lol.I am completely happy with this purchase and would definitely recommend this as an addition to any toddler's bookshelf!If you do buy this and it's a hit, consider alsoGo, Dog! Go!Are you my mother?Big Dog, Little Dog"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "What can I say, this book moved me. I saw the movie and put off reading the book, the movie wasn't bad but didn't inspire me to start reading.  Wow, am I glad I did! The transitions from depression time to the present left me breathless. The expertly told story played with all my emotions.  Left me with a renewed appreciation for the difficult times my parents and grandparents grew up in, yet made me want to experience them.  I couldn't put the book down until finished then I went to my computer, looked up old circus pictures and finally bought tickets to Ringling Brothers Circus later this summer."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "WE was terrific out of the starting blocks, vivid and well-researched, replete with interesting characters.  Along the way, though, it increasingly took on the feel of a creative writing exercise -- ever lighter on research, weaker on character development, and thinner on plot.  In the end, I found WE disappointing.  Like many historical novels by contemporary young authors, WE is only shallowly situated in its particular historical context (depression era, circus).  Every now and then the author tosses in a cliched reference to food lines to remind the reader of the historical moment; otherwise, nothing to suggest the landscape (literal and figurative) through which the Benzini Brothers train chugs ever onwards.  I emerged from WE with far less of a feel for circuses or society in the 1930s, or for aging and the elderly today, than I should have.  WE reads like an entertaining short story stretched to the breaking point.  There just isn't enough 'there' there..."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For Whom the Bell Tolls is a Hemingway less affected by his modernist tendencies than To Have and Have Not yet not as uninfluenced as The Old Man and the Sea. Also, there is a good deal of sexual discussion and activity, though all of it is done in an explicit-yet-entirely-implied manner exclusive to Hemingway's style. This story of the American professor who joins the Spanish Communists in their fight against the fascists explores love, morality, Communism, duty, awareness of death, and bravery in the face of death. Specifically, impending doom expedites and deepens the life and love of the characters.  A good first read but not necessarily worth a return."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I read this book last year and am sincerely hoping that the movie is able to sufficiently capture the adventure, romance, and poignancy.  I not only enjoyed the flashbacks to the days in the circus - I REALLY enjoyed the perspective of the character in a current day nursing home.  This book has it all and is written in a way that it easily became a movie in my mind as I read.  Many times books like this have sad endings but the ending to this story is excellent!  I highly recommend this book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have to admit I was a bit skeptical of this book. \"A book about a circus? How good could that really be?\" I thought. It took awhile for me to get into it too. It wasn't that the beginning was boring or anything, it just took me a little while to get into the plot of the story. After I did though, I couldn't put it down. I lost sleep over the need to finish this book. Some parts I found surprisingly funny. It was an overall, all around good book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When I downloaded this book, I honestly didn't expect much more than a nice way to pass some time.  I really underestimate this little gem.  Once I picked it up I found it hard to put down.  In fact, I stayed up past my bedtime to finish it, but it was worth the extra cup of coffee I had to have the next morning.Without going into any details about the story itself (there's more than enough other reveiws to do that), I'll start by saying I was almost immediately endeared with the main charachters, which is a testament to the writing abilities of the author.  I laughed and cried with the characters, and was genuinely sad to see some of them go.While the ending was more than a little predictable, it was still a good read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The author has obviously done her homework, because this book contains the argot, the excitement, the turmoil of a down-and-out circus during the Depression.  One can smell the sawdust, the animals, and the people in this graphic story of a young man who runs away with the circus.  It is told through the eyes of a nonagenarian, and although the ending is predictable, one keeps reading for the final denouement.  It is inevitable that there will be a disaster and that Rosie, the elephant, will cause it.  The narrator's desire to once more be a part of the circus is understandable, but its happening is a little far-fetched, considering the way nursing homes are run.  However, the ending is happily satisfctory, and we will not drink lemonade the next time the circus comes to town."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I wasn't too enthusiastic about reading this, and so I chose to see the movie before deciding whether or not I wanted to purchase it. After seeing the film, I figured if the book is anything like the movie it wouldn't be half bad. The book is A MILLION times better. I read it in a few days and was absolutely hooked from cover to cover. As the book progresses, you find yourself feeling everything Jacob feels: guilt, love, affection, worry etc. Gruen did an awesome job bringing the story to life and the characters Rosie and Kinko were definitely an added bonus. I would recommend this to just about anyone old enough to handle a few \"detailed\" scenes and my book had a series of pictures every couple of chapters, some of which I would deem inappropriate for younger kids. I'm seventeen and didn't have an issue with them, but parents BE WARNED."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Jacob looks back to memories of love and his time with the circus when he was a young man.  He needs them now more than ever to get him through the declining life he lives out in a nursing home. The story portrayed a difficult, sad, evil circus environment where animals were mistreated by men who mistreated each other as well, I guess to survive the depression.  I wanted more from the story than its hopeful ending.  I wanted throughout to be lifted above its base struggles. I want more vivid descriptions of scenes and increased depth to the characters. What Jacob, like so many in nursing homes needed most was the comfort of family, friends, and staff to listen, to care. A well written book with depressing undertones."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A really fine volume. Jane Goodall describes her study of chimpanzees at the Gombe Stream in Tanzania. She and her team has studied these animals over a long period of time. This covers the social behavior of the chimpanzees in the earlier years of the study.The story occurs at several levels. One, simply, is the interaction of individuals with their own personalities--Flo, David, Goliath, Faben, Merlin, Passion, and so on. Another level is the group/society. What is the structure of the society studies?The book covers the life cycle of chimpanzees in this environment-- from infant on. It explores relations with other species. It looks at the variety of behaviors that characterize chimpanzee society--reproduction, feeding, hierarchy, predation, and so on. The book also addresses the challenges facing chimpanzees as humans encroach further.In the end, a riveting book, well worth reading."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have been reading The Prophet every year for over a decade. Or intending to. It's an incredible read. If I'm having issues in my life, I read the section that relates to my problem and it helps clarify things somewhat. It is a divinely inspired piece of work, and can be read in one setting. There is pretty much nothing that he doesn't cover in the book that can't be related to your own life. I bought the ebook version so I could have easier access. It's a book for everyone."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Hemingway used his experiences as a journalist during the Spanish Civil War to build the structure for this novel.  His descriptions of the settings are superb. The novel is a great introduction to the Spanish Civil  War, a war with which many Americans are unfamiliar. Hemingway used  characters like Pablo to show how people lose their humanity during war.  The story is powerful.  His main character, Robert Jordan, begins to  question whether anything good will come of all the fighting.Despite its  many wonderful attributes, this novel has some problems.  The dialogue is  stilted.  The romance (as in all Hemingway novels) is unbelievable.  Finally, Hemingway should have stuck to English.  His use of Spanish in  this book is embarassing.Nonetheless, in my opinion, For Whom the Bell  Tolls should be required reading for all U.S. high school students.  It's  truly a classic."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Yes it has its dark moments.  And yes it can be disturbing.  And that means the author did the job right.The book follows the life that was not an easy one and is not the perfect sunset of old age and conveys it all in the context of a world that most people do not know the in and outs about, the circus, but at the same time which is something we all have dreamed about.  If not dreamed about, at least were enamored with when we were young.As others said, I could not put this book down and lost a bit of sleep turning a few extra pages further in the evening.  But it was worth it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I am not a big fan of books on tape.  My husband is...on long trips we listen. If you dont mind listening to an old man with wet phlegm in his throat for hours ...go for it.  Since I picked this tape based on the reviews from Amazon I suffered through 5 dvd's so far. The story is not interesting or enlightening. A bad story can be read thru rather quickly but on tape listening at a horribly slow pace....well  ...it is like water torture."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Sara Gruen spins a fascinating tale of murder, love, obsession, and life in Water for Elephants.  The characters were interesting and well developed.  Her portrayal of the elderly was spot-on without being stereotypical.  That's a very difficult thing to do; not many authors are capable of unraveling the story of an elderly character.Her portrayal of circus life is intriguing, and the characters never failed to invoke strong feelings of endearment, horror, amusement, or pity.  I wouldn't call this a \"must read,\" but it is definitely an interesting story that was well written and well researched."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants takes you to the time of the Great Depression on a circus train.  I was hesitating on reading this story because I thought it would be heartbreaking.  It's hard for me to read about animal cruelty and reading about a circus there is bound to be some ugly scenes.  There are some scenes that were hard to read, but for the most part I felt the author did spare us the raw details.  Sara Gruen knows how to write rich details in such a way that the circus jumped off the pages.  I felt like I was there surround by the sounds and smells of the circus.  I loved the characters and Rosie the elephant was the show stopper.  It was a pleasure reading this story and a huge plus for me that it had a happy ending."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I'm not a real fan of fiction, only because fiction does not keep me tuned in to the story line. Often the subject matter rambles on before the story line gets going when  you finally know what you are reading about.Water for Elephants is a well written novel. The title fascinated me to begin with, and excerpts led me to believe this was going to be a good read. I was right!  The story line is never boring, it's uncomplicated, and keeps you tuned in to events as they unravel. So well done. I encourage anyone who is an avid reader to buy a copy. You won't be disappointed."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is another masterly work from Hemingway. When he gets it right, he gets it OH so right. You have more tight, evocative language that conjure up the landscapes the characters live in, and wonderful characterisation so that you fully engage and sympathise with them. This is a great look at the Spanish civil war from the guerrillas point of view, with the assistance of an American explosives expert. It has romance, chivalry, betrayal, adventure and the rougher side of human nature. What more could you want from one novel? If you like Hemingway then this is another great novel and if you're new to him, this may not be the best starting place, but you'll still not be disappointed.Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I enjoyed reading about the history of the circus and the anecdotes shared by Sara Gruen.  It takes you back to an age of innocence in your life where the Circus was pretty close to the best thing that ever happened to you.  The elephants and the brave ladies that rode on them.  The clowns and the ittle people.  I enjoyed recreating those memories while reading this delightful and sweet account of two circus runaways who fall in love.  Their story was predictable in so many ways.  The old Jacob part was just sad and it left a sour feeling.  However, I did enjoy reading about the circus people and their lives.  The parades and the drama behind the curtain.  The roustabouts working so hard and sleeping in crowded spaces,yet what an adventure! to travel around the country from town to town brining smiles to millions and enjoying the camradie of the circus!  I loved that part."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Wow!  There are over 1,600 reviews for this book.  That's great because this is a book that should be read and will be enjoyed by many.This novel is about a young man, nearly finished with his veterinary studies who, because of economic circumstances leaves school to join a circus as its resident veterinarian.This book switches back and forth from the standpoint of the veterinarian in his older years to the present time.  As an old man, he looks back at his experiences and the crises in the life of his great love, Dolly.  Dolly loves horses and elephants and is in a relationship with an abusive man who is in charge of the circus.The protagonist's relationship with his roommate, a dwarf, and the dwarf's Jack Russell Terrier, are wonderfully characterized.I enjoyed this book quite a bit and recommend it highly."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I haven't seen the movie (I usually prefer the books anyway), so had little knowledge of the plot. I really enjoyed the history of how the country was during the Depression and how, basically, lawless the country still was, where people could come and go and even disappear. I enjoyed learning the levels of \"society\" within the circus and the behind the scenes look at the life of performers and workers. Life was hard in those days with no government assistance to fall back on. Aside from the window into a different time and place, the plot was interesting too."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I wasn't sure about this - circus and elephants and all. I was afraid it was going to be about animal abuse and very sad. Well - there is that, but it's so much more than that. You'll be transported to a different time and a location most of us will never experience - the backdoor view of a circus. Each character is so real, I felt I could regonize them.  And although I wasn't even around when the story took place - at least the early part, I could picture everything right down to the smells and sounds! The author has a terrific grasp of aging as well. Sympathetic but not syrupy. The aged Jacob is quite a character as he struggles with the indignities associated with 'assisted' living and the recollections of a past - recollections that he was just now ready to reveal at age 90 or was that 93?"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Jubran Kahlil Jubran had a teacher make a mistake on his name and wrote down 'Kahlil Gibran' as when he arrived here from Lebanon which was still part of the Ottoman Empire he went by Gibran Kahlil Gibran. His poetry is as timeless as his view towards life and the world at large - everyone was his friend! One passage  &#34;Half of what I say is meaningless, but I say it so that the other half may reach you&#34; was used by John Lennon in the white album on a tune called &#34;Julia &#34;."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For months, everytime I was in a bookstore - I found that I would gravitate toward this book, read the back and place it back on the shelf.  I should have listened to my instinct.  After many positive recommendations from friends and reading the reviews, I relunctantly check the book out at the local library.  I started reading with an open mind.  After about 200 pages, I phone my friend to ask her if I was missing something, because I just didn't care of the story and I couldn't seem to find a connection with any of the characters.  At this point, she instructed me to stop reading - \"because of you don't like it now, there isn't anything earth shattering that will happen that will make you change your mind.\"  I didn't listen, and she was right."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I agree with several other people who found it amazing that this is a bestseller. As an author whose books sell poorly right here on Amazon, I wish I knew her secret. I found it disgusting on so many levels, hard to follow, and in the end, just not worth reading. Perhaps something in the last third of the book would have changed my mind, but I couldn't finish it. I can't remember the last time I threw a book into the garbage can, but I looked it over carefully, thought about the very act of throwing out a book, and then dropped it into the trash. I don't regret it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Geez, who am I as a novice author to make a comment or review on Hemingway.I read this book to gain an insight into dialogue. What an insight that was.  It runs from start to finish.I had an advantage of having seen the film, albeit a long time ago but, that made the book even more interesing to me personally as I could not only read the dialogue but visualise the characters better and hear them in my mind.It taught me a great deal and I hope some of it will rub off into my own future scribbles.I will now be reading other works of his"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I have an original copy of For Whom the Bell Tolls that my grandfather gave me.  For years I read the poem at the beginning of the book, (which has the same title as the book itself) but had never read the content.  It is amazing that after years of reflecting on that poem, that reading the actual content of this classic meant so much more. As I am sure was Hemingway's intention, you can literraly reflect on that poem back through every single chapter in the book, and each time the poem will have a new meaning for the reader.  This is a true sign, in my opinion, of a great author.  I need to read this novel again, to pick up on some of the hidden inuendos and nuances I might have missed the first time, but that too will be time well-spent.This is a phenomenal book, by a bona fide, talented classic author.  It is worth reading, reflecting upon, and reading again."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "To me Hemingway epitomizes the hard drinking, hard living, hard loving, worldy writer. In this book, the main character Robert Jordan is a soldier send on a mission to the hills of Spain to blow up a bridge. There, Jordan meets up with a rogue band of warriors who believe in war but not in military. Once united with the militia, Jordan becomes involved with a woman named Maria. The fight scenes are incredible. The ending is even more incredible. I'm not going give away the book, but the ending  brought tears to my eyes- I guess it's true, underneath every man of steel is a heart of gold."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I know I will never be able to visit India, so my \"trip\" comes from books. Dalrymple is a great tour guide. He took me places that I wouldn't have been able to visit even if I flew to Delhi today.The people he met and described were as fascinating as the places he explored. This book is a combination of history, tourism, mini-biography, human interest, archeology and anthropology. The mix was well balanced and Dalrymple's writing ability made the entire book entertaining as well as educational.Please do not let the age of this book dissuade you from reading it. Dalrymple's take on Delhi will still be worth the read for as long as people read.My only gripe (worth a tenth of a star) was with the only map. Though nicely drawn by his wife, it was nearly useless. A more inclusive map would have added a tremendous amount to my enjoyment."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This novel is a rambling, disjointed and thoroughly annoying depiction of a highly forgettable era in Amercan history.  The characters are flimsy, the plot is circuitous and the endless stories of animal cruelty are downright depressing.  Perhaps the one saving grace is the author's use of Jacob's character as an elderly man who is looking back on his life with hindsight.  I cannot believe there has been such a fuss about this book and that someone was foolish enough to make it into a film.  Now that will be a real flop!  If I ever see this author's name again I will move away from it as quickly as I am able.  This was just a terrible book."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Water for Elephants was one of those books that was difficult to put down.  The prose flowed very smoothly. The subject of the circus world during the depression was well researched and make accessible to the reader.  It could be read on many levels, but even a surface level was satisfying.My only problem, as with many best sellers, was that the action was in places not very realistic.  This may be a bit picky, but after suffering from a concussion, nobody is ready to climb on top of a moving train and hop between cars, no matter how pumped they are with adrenaline.  Such lapses in credibility hurt an otherwise wonderful novel."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I tried to get through it, I really did.  But then I remembered what a chore it was in High School when two of his novels were required reading.  It bored me stiff then, and it does now.  But I have found that with Hemingway, he's either your cup of tea, or he isn't.  The characters are shallow, and I don't like his writing style, in any of his stories.  Personal choice, to each his own.  As the reviews show, some love it, some don't.  I don't.  But at least I won't resort to name calling like some reviewers do, when someone doesn't share their opinion.  If you've never read it, give it a try, you may love it.  If you don't, its not indicative of your intelligence level as some would have us believe."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For Whom the Bell Tolls is a story that will be with you forever after you have finished the last riveting page.  All other books will be judged by standards set by Hemmmingway in this one.  The Tragic story of Robert  Jordan and his love Maria is more amazing than any other I have read, seen  or heard.  El Sordo's final stand reads the way the greatest symphony is  heard.  Tension and crescendo that builds and builds until you become one  with the characters and their struggle.  I have never read a book that ends  like this one, and chances are a first time reader has not either.  Get  this book.  Read it.  This IS writting."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was highly recommended to me by women in an assisted living facility where I teach, for whom one of the book themes--aging and loss of autonomy--resonated deeply. I found it an engaging read, though the story almost caves in under the weight of the author's research. The characters are archetypes I had the feeling I'd seen somewhere before, lacking complexity, and it was ultimately difficult to care about any of them. The shifts back and forth in time were distracting and superfluous. I felt manipulated by the fantastically sentimental ending, but still, it made me smile."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I could not put this book down.  Maybe it's because I love history, and this novel is so very rich with it. Or maybe it's because I've always been a hopeless romantic, rooting for people who shouldn't be in love to find their happy ending.  Or maybe it's my penchant for heroes who are thrust into unfamiliar territory, in this case the circus world, and have to find their way.  Whatever...this book stayed with me long after I finished it, and that's the best kind of read of all."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When this book is telling the story of the circus, it is fascinating, describing a world that most readers know nothing about. But, possibly in an attempt to make it more \"commercial\", the author has chosen to focus on the love story, which is predictable. In those scenes, fascination turns to boredom.Use all that research (described in detail at the end of the book), Ms Gruen, to tell us more stories of the roustabouts, performers, animals and freaks of the circus - and forget the \"plot\" and the soap!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is a superb book on Delhi's history without the textbook type narrative that usually is associated with books like these.Appreciating Delhi is difficult for most non-Delhi wallahs for the ostentatious ways and too aggressive nature of its modern day denizens..but having read this book is like lifting the screen to see a much more beautiful and unbelievably long past of the city; to date a city's history till that long back is truly an amazing feat shown by Dalrymple here.Dalrymple gives comprehensive and unbiased accounts from the city's birth to it present day status, toggling between anecdotes of his own experiences in the city. In doing so, he succeeds in bringing out the secret lives of the eunuchs, passionate pigeon fights in Old Delhi, the wild rule of William Fraser in the jungles of Mehrauli, the frivolous codes of the decorum practiced in Mughal period, the popularity of the Sufi saints and their powers and much more to help you envisage the rich heritage of the city."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I normally don't select bestsellers for reading pleasure; they so often disappoint. Had my book club not selected this for discussion I probably would not have read it. But I am so glad I did. The book is well writen, not just a good story, but excellent writer's craft. Any person over fifty with any empathy at all will identify with the story teller. Younger people will identify with the main characters in the circus story. I am not particularly interested in circus history, but this was fascinating. The ending is especially wonderful...fanciful but wonderful."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I put this item on my wishlist when it first came out because the premise sounded interesting and then I forgot about it until I saw it was released in paperback. I purchased it and was not let down. The story starts a little slow was you try to make sense of what is going on and whose exactly is this main character, but it takes off from there and I basically read the book in a day and some hours.  I highly recommend, as it really is a great story of time past and present."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Loved every bit of this book. The narration is well-planned...we follow Jacob Jankowsi, a would-be vet with his father until his parents are killed in a car crash. Jacob hits the road, and one night jumps on a train. Little does he know that that one jump will change his life forever--for the better and the worst.Gruen delights readers with circus life during the depression, with strong character development and a strong plot. You root for the animals, who are heinously mistreated by the ringmaster, and you root for the workers."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "ITALY: THE BEAUTIFUL COOKBOOK is just that - a book brimming with known dishes and as well as rarities from throughout Italy presented in a format so well designed, filled with excellent photography, and thorough information about the country that it could rest as comfortably on the traveler's coffee table as in the gourmet's kitchen.Lorenza De'Medici takes the reader on an insider's tour of Italy with readable maps, stunning photographs of each region, information about the peculiar characteristics of the regions that inform the recipes, and then gives some of the finest recipes you'll likely to encounter for dishes both simple and complex.As with the best of cookbooks this one contains images that show how the result of the time spent in the kitchen will look. De'Medici writes with candor and in a relaxed inviting style.  This survey of Italian culinary arts and the historic background that accompanies them is as fine as any similar book on the market. Highly recommended.  Grady Harp, December 05"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "When I first read the title and the back of this book,  I wasn't the least bit interested.  However --- two of my sisters, my daughter,  and my niece were reading the book at the same time --- and all four of them loved it and recommended it highly.  I had to get it --- and I had to agree with them!  Its a great story!  One that is amost impossible to put down!  I highly recommend this read!  I just hope the movie doesn't ruin it."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "loved this book! wonderfully written! there was not one flaw in this book. im glad the author didnt focus fully on the romance perspective of the book and her going from jacobs youth to jacob as an elderly from chapter to chapter put a great spin on the story.my heart was broken when his family didnt come for him but it turned out with a good ending. if they wouldve come he wouldve went back to the old folks home and although theres no novel following this one, im sure he dies with the circus just like hes always dreamed to.cant wait to watch the movie :)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was beautifully written. I felt so connected to the characters and the descriptions made the characters that much more vivid in my mind.The content regarding animal cruelty was hard to read for me. I cried a few times as I read them.With that said, I think it is beautiful and honorable for these elephants to be acknowledged and their names remembered as their stories are further shared with the world.The details in the book regarding the workers and the environment of the circus were accurate and well portrayed.I felt a connection with all of the characters not just their Marlena and Jacob."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This was the first ever book that i had read, when i first got my kindle. To put it simply it a good nice read. The story line is nice the characters are well developed and have strong qualities. Really theres nothing i could put in words what this book mad me feel. Thats what i look for in a good book. How the story makes me feel how the characters an i respond emotionally towards on an other. When i read i feel as i the story comes to life. And thats what i got out of this book the story came to life so freely and beautifully and th characters showed so muh emotian so much heart that what really made it special. So do yourself a favor and read this book"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This is really a heart warming story. I especially loved the elderly Jacob. Working in Long Term Care, I so could see some of my patients over the years in Jacob and perhaps even caught a glimpse of how patients over the years have seen me! The ending warmed the cockles of my heart and left me smiling for days (well all day b/c I just finished it last night, but I can't see not smiling everytime I think about it). Definitely give this book  a chance. I waited when it was recommended to me b/c the Circus didn't really appeal to me, but it really was interesting to read about Circus life in the Depression Era. Loved the surprise twist when the epilogue picks back up at the end of the book! Didn's see that coming, but I guess that's the point. LOVED THIS BOOK!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "I was hooked from the beginning and looked forward to coming back to the story each time I had to turn off my Kindle.  Coming of age in a circus might seem cliche yet the insiders view of the social dynamics that existed within a circus really put context around the whole \"running away to join the circus\" thing; although, in this case, it might be more apt to describe this as \"stumbling into the circus\".  Regardless, while I felt the end of the circus component of the story was somewhat predictable, it didn't spoil the story for me.  A truly remarkable story that I will enjoy again and again."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "The whole Patrick O'Brian are works of art and will grab you for Captain Aubrey's entire career.  Interesting to note how many obstacles he overcomes as he climbs the ladder of command in the Royal Navy.  Its a good primer for young folks starting a career; it is not always a rocket path to the top.  You will encounter traditions, rules, and technology that impede your goals; and one has to be a risk taker.  Again and again Aubrey takes risks, rallies his seamen, and prevails.  One wonders if a personality like Aubrey would be tolerated in our risk aversion US Navy today."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Sara Gruen's gorgeous new novel, WATER FOR ELEPHANTS, unfolds as a dual narrative, alternating between Jacob Jankowski's life as a nonagenarian, and his time spent working for a ragtag Depression-era circus as a young man. The plot is captivating (I missed two meals because I didn't want to put the book down) and Gruen's writing, as always, is transcendent. She deftly evokes a fascinating period in American history that deserves to be revisited, and her characters--human and animal alike--will stay with you long after you turn the last page."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "For me, this book was like making a dear friend, and then bidding him farewell. I tried to savor this story, but couldn't put it down either. I was so sad when I got to the last page and it was over.I think the other reviews cover the storyline well...and I'm not a fan of giving away endings, but in general, it has vivid character development, authentic to the period and circus era of the depression years... and despite some graphic scenes (which add to rather than take away), it was a great, great read.I suspect it will be hailed as one of summer 2008's top beach reads...and will be on my recommend list to anyone who will listen for a long time to come."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Once again,Patrick O'Brian bats a home run. The author manages to make day-to-day - in fact a minute to minute - life aboard a Napoleon-era man-of-war seem like it is happening contemporaneously. And a very exciting life it is too. Aubrey's skill as a mariner is amply displayed, as are the machinations of .Maturin. I used to think the C.S.Forester's Hornblower was the ultimate in sea stories of that era, but his skill has been supplanted, in my view, by O'Brien. If you like sea stories you will love this one."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Seldom has a book moved me as much as this one did.  Perhaps it's because I listened to the audiobook version, and the narrators voices were perfect for the different stages of life in the book.  Perhaps it's because my 98 year old mother-in-law is in a nursing home, but the author captured what life for a 90+ year old must be like in a nursing home facility.  In addition, I LOVE the circus, even though today's pale in comparison to those that were under canvas.  Without doing a spoiler, I can only say that it's been a long time since the ending of a book brought tears to my eyes.  I wish I could give it more than 5 stars."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Reading a classic such as &quot;The Prophet&quot; is much more fruitful when it is revisited often, the lessons are applied and the reader reads as if Gibran is writing only to him or her.Sitting with this book in your hands can be like sitting across from Gibran, listening to him speak.  The accompanying art work also by Gibran gives it yet another rich element and peek into the soul of this incredible writer.Listen, embrace and breathe in these words.Open your mind and heart to The Prophet."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This books was one of my favorites for the year. This book flashes from present day Jacob, 93 living in a nursing home to Jacob's summer traveling with the circus during the 1930's Depression era. Not only do you have these rich circus characters and animals, but also you have the interesting time period. The writing is flawless, the characters/animals (Rosie, my favorite) are amazing, the plot keeps you interested, and you root for the Jacob in the past and his present condition.The slight twist in the whodunit revealed near the end was also suprising"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "This book was great; each chapter was a nugget of wisdom, resulting in a treasure trove by the end. It's no wonder this book is called a classic. Gibran uses a literary style inspired by the Bible, but it is still easy to read. Has a lot of philosophical ideas that I'm sure I will revisit in the future. Seems like one of those books that you learn something new every time you reread it. Definitely recommend, especially for anyone new to philosophy reading because it is short and easy to read."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Abandoned drop-out Cornell vetLooks after all the circus petsFalls in love with someone's wife,Of her he'll think for all his life.Barbara's chest or the Fat Lady--It's all good ol' hyperbole,They'll make you laugh and maybe cry,But you feel they're just a circus sight:When show's over all shuffle home,Men to bars and tigers to bones,Adulterous romps can only so long last,Hands part and hearts get stuck in the forever past.(Must Love always beGood ol' hyperbole?)"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Ahhh Marie Antoinette. By now most people know she really did not utter the phrase \"let them eat cake\" in response to the raising bread shortage. During her and her husband's reign, the country was very unstable. There was a famine, a huge deficit, and finally, the Bastille and Reign of Terror.The book begins with her at 14, and just about to be married to the Dauphin of France. With get a look at what it must have been like to be her, a child bride, and completely unaware of what is in store for her. the famous line when they became the reigning king and queen\" we are too young to govern\" was probably true.We see her slowly mature and see through her eyes the country falling apart. What noone realized at the time was it really wasn't all her doing.Written as though she herself wrote it while awaiting exeuction, we feel sorry for her and that is truly the mark of a great book and a great writer."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "Written in the first person perspective, this story explains the life of an circus worker back in the old days, before any regulations were ever thought of.Rough and rugged lives wherein the guy with all the power hasn't much thought or care to the value of life - be it animal or human - but Karma wins in the end!Well written, kept my attention enough to loose sleep so I could keep reading it.As always, the book is better than the movie.  Read the book first and you will most likely understand the movie better."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "\"The Winds of War\" and \"War and Remembrance\" must be read together. These lengthy novels follow the trials and travails of one American family through the years immediately preceeding the Second World War through to the end of that war. The author does a great job of depicting the terrors of the holocaust and of the ground war on Europe's eastern front. Likewise pacific naval combat is dealt with on a personal level. The historical context of the books seemed to be quite accurate. By the close of the second book the reader will have an appreciation for the cost of global war. Personally, I could have done with somewhat less of the romantic double-dealings and intrigue. My only other caution to the prospective reader is the daunting length of these books. I listened to the unabridged Audible Audio version of both books and found the narration to be excellent."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "&quot;The Berenstain Bears on the Moon,&quot; by Stan and Jan Berenstain, is one of the best in the authors' excellent series of children's books. In this installment, Brother and Sister Bear, accompanied by their excitable pet dog, take a rocket trip to the moon and back.Although the book's primary purpose is entertainment and literacy education, the Berenstains do get some of the science right. The portray the gravity-free environment of the space ship's interior during the voyage, and they also show that the gravity on the lunar surface is much less than that on Earth.The book is illustrated in the typically appealing Berenstain Bears style. Particularly fun is the orange, green, and purple-colored rocket ship used by the intrepid space travelers. And the rhymes are equally fun. Example: &quot;Two little bears / and one little pup. / They are off to the moon, / going up, up, up!&quot; This irresistible adventure tale is definitely a high point in a beloved book series."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "So far there are 866 reviews for this book, so there's nothing I can say that's different from anyone else.  It got to be so absorbing by the middle of the book with a VERY satisfying ending.  I couldn't resist adding another review to thank Sara Gruen for this wonderful story.  I just finished it a minute ago...I ignored my kids all night while caught up in this story.  Now my kids can have me back!  Please read and enjoy this book.  Thank you."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "One thing mid to high handicappers such as myself notice about better golfers is how much knowledge of, and feel for, the game they have.  This book will increase your knowledege and feel immensely.  The result is a better additude toward the game and more confidence, which can only result in better scores.There is plenty of technical help as well with chapters on grip, &quot;the magic move,&quot; chipping, club selection, etc. If there's anything thats bothering your game, such as too strong of a grip, you may well discover what it is while reading this book.  But more than anything, you will be a more savvy golfer with a renewed additude.Hit 'em straight"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "A timeless classic.  It is a very demanding and assuming title, but Gibran backs it up with some excellent style and content.  If he had the means to publish it a century or two earlier, he could have inspired a new religion.From the mouth of an old man about to sail away to a far away destination, we hear the wisdom of life and all important aspects of it.  It is a messege.  A guide book.  A Sufi sermon. Much is put in perspective without any hint of a dogma.  There is much that hints at his birth place, Lebanon where many of the old prophets walked the Earth and where this book project first germinated most likely.Probably becuase it was written in English originally, the writing flows, it is pleasant to read, and the charcoal drawings of the author decorating the pages is a plus.  I loved the cover."}
{"label": 5, "raw": "An interesting way to showcase circus history & a way of life that is no more.Although this is a fictionalized account, it was based on bits & pieces of fact from Circus History.The photographs were the best.They were a nice addition to the book.The nursing home drama/tie-in was a bit too much.I guess it was a play on the theme of running away to join the circus...Just never heard of someone who ran away from a nursing home in a wheel chair to join the circus & was successful with it!"}
{"label": 5, "raw": "SEVERAL PEOPLE HAVE SUGGESTED TO ME THAT I READ THIS BOOK.  I HAVE OBSERVED PEOPLE READING THIS BOOK ON AIRPLANES, IN CARPOOL LINES, SITTING ON A BENCH AT BARK PARK, SO I DECIDED IT WAS A MUST READ JUST TO FEEL LIKE I BELONGED IN A SOCIETY.  THE BOOK IS INTERESTING, PARTICULARLY IF YOU WERE FASCINATED WITH THE CIRCUS AS A YOUNG CHILD.  I FOUND THE ANIMAL BRUTALITY A LITTLE DIFFICULT TO READ, ALTHOUGH IT WAS NOT AS BRUTAL AS I HAD ANTICIPATED, BUT WHAT I DID MOSTLY REMEMBER AT THE END.  IT'S A GOOD READ, NOT A GREAT READ.  THE ONLY FLAW I WOULD MENTION IS THE NARRATOR'S VOICE WAS NOT PLAUSIBLE AS A NINETY YEAR OLD MAN.  THE AUTHOR MIGHT HAVE DONE A LITTLE RESEARCH IN THAT AREA, BUT DON'T LET THAT STOP YOU FROM READING THE BOOK."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Looks like David wanted to get away from the Floyd Pomp that began after their success with the Dark Side of the Moon and carried them into a marketing hodge podge of pretense such as floating animals and the like.A good selection of songs played surprisingly on Electric-Acoustic guitar which he seems to favour. He has an excellent back-up band and brings many of the Floyd songs down to earth.Quite a nice set but could have been longer. Wish You Were Here and several other classics have nice rendering with an excellent bassist. A nice guest appearance by Richard Wright. It is a shame as far I know he did not tour his solo album which may be the better of all the PF solo CD's. David Gilmour's willingness to give way to Richard Wright for one of his numbers and his excellent Guitar on it is a highlight.All in all a very good Live Performance."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This release is modern science looking out for us music lovers. As well, the great friendship thriving among these men have paved my road for a concert trip. I hope they play most of this album on their fall tour. New sounds abound from all three. BRAVO!...I should add that the lyrics are poetry and should be read. And for those that refuse, maybe a band-aid box would provide some entertainment, and I mean attainment. Sorry, it just seems that some humans are struggling and I don't mean to be cynical, I mean to just say....WAKE UP!!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've been a pan-head since album 1 and I've really enjoyed seeing how skillet has evolved over the years.  This is an excellent and rocking album, first and foremost, and the talent is undeniable.  Anyone who's familiar with Skillet won't deny their passion for God and the human race that He loves, so if you're Christian, don't be put off just because you don't hear \"God\" or \"Jesus\" in the songs.  Without having to say the words, God is there.  This album touches on relationships, person to person and God to man.  It's about reaching out, being there for someone or needing someone to be there for you.  It's about figuring out the hard stuff, finding hope, finding life.  I'm very impressed by this album, musically and spiritually.  I can't believe it would be a disappointment to anyone.  Happy listening! :)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "There are always strong opinions about almost everything Karajan recorded, both on CD and DVD and whether or not you like him as a conductor ... or a video director.  This late video shows the maestro in his last years.  It shows his feelings about the music after the wear of his years, in a setting where he is in complete control ... his favorite position.  The orchestra plays beautifully.  The video is fine.  If you have strong feelings about Karajan (pro or con) you can forget them in this instance.  This is a great recording."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I had a hard time getting into this cd first listens until I turned UP the volume and then it hit me...WOW, this sounds just like you would here in concert and it packs a powerful punch. After that it all became clear...Rush created the perfect sound that can be faithfully recreated on the road in fact I consider this a kinda studio live recording despite whatever mastering mumbo jumbo went on. They erased that line between studio and live and I think they succeeded with flying colors. Does that mean muddled? I don't know but they consciously engineered CA to sound this way, it is no mistake, due to the time spent to create an epic composition and product. CA starts kinda slow but builds and literally thrashes akin to Vapor Trails refined in places and is VERY hard and smokin. The band dips into their roots and updates with modern prog rock/metal sensibilities to wonderful effect. I love this recording..."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "At least this release has a semblance of production to it.The greatest moments are the Classic KISS footage, and not the throw away non-makeup material. It has taken KISS 20 years to realise that the best and most lucrative material is the out and out concert footage, with all of the blasting phantasmagoria that is the original KISS.This video comes close to that original fantasy in some of the scripted material, but falls flat on oh too many ways, however, just before it goes through the floor, it gets rescued by another classic clip.There definitely should have been more of Eric Carr in the Video, but not of Bruce Kulick. However, the original is still the best, and that footage is why I give this disc 5 stars. Unfortunately it would still be better in the bootleg version, but its nice to have the Authorised version. Pity they cannot do more releases of the Classic and Re-united KISS ( However short lived that fabulous fanatasy was)."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Disney Studios 14th full length animated feature film is another fan favorite. Peter Pan is another enduring classic released at the height of the studios resurgence. The last film of the heavily influenced Mary Blair years. The colors pop even more on this sparkling Blu Ray treatment and there are some excellent bonus features on this set. Considering this is the 4th release on home video in fairly recent years there was no reason to lose any bonus features in the place of others here. The film is presented in its original theatrical fomat (full screen).Still the film has never looked or sounded better and there are some quality bonus features on this set. Overall this is a very satisfying release. The story is simple, the characters (Tinker Bell is a standout!)and songs are memorable. It's no wonder this is a fan favorite and had stood the test of time.If you don't own any edition, then the Blu Ray is by far the best choice."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is Disney's all-time best animated film!! You'll never forget new-born Bambi with his big eyes, discovering the world around him with the help of his friend, Thumper.  Bambi loses his mother in a heartbreaking scene that is very intense and unforgettable.  He grows up and becomes the new King of the forest.  There are beautiful songs and cute creatures to enjoy.  Bambi is my favorite Disney movie...sad, funny, and magical; this is the Circle of Life told at its best."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Like many other thousands of people I am a huge fan of Disney animated classics so I am very happy that this edition of Peter Pan is available.  I always had a very active imagination as a kid and it kind of dwindled away as the years rolled on by so it is always enjoyable to watch this movie and think of never growing up.  The story is so fun and magical.  Now a little down side to this movie is I don't want my kids to try to fly out a window!!!  Do you think Michael Jackson is trying to have the face of Peter Pan it really does look like him with the large eyes and very small nose?"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have to say i give the crew behind TMNT a lot of credit, dealing with the low budget they had, and able to create the wonderful costumes for the turtles. I'm not good with the names of the people in the costumes but i have to say, they are truly talented in the 3 movies in this series. This movie does seem to slow down in the middle of it, but the fight scenes are amazing. A lot of great directed shots by Steve Barron, this is probably one of his best. With the low budget they had, they were limited on set design, which is noticeable, do to the fact, that some of the shots are actually from New York, and the house that they are in after there first encounter with The Foot is a real house. As we can all tell, the costumes probably took a great deal of percentage out of the 13 million dollar budget. But overall, this movie is just plain fun, and great adventure."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Miles and Slash are a perfect match and the songwriting is at a very high level on this release. I didn't care for Slash's prior CD with the various vocalists, but this one was a pleasant surprise. This is hard rock done right with lots of energy, soaring vocals and killer riffs. The choruses and hooks get stuck in your head and you want to listen to it over and over. There is not a bad track on here...and the extra tracks on the deluxe version are great too.If you like other great current rock bands like Sixx A.M., Hardcore Superstar and Voices of Extreme...then you will like this. If you liked Guns N Roses...then you SHOULD like this unless you are hung up on Axl being gone....but Miles sounds great, your loss."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Performance art, pure and simple, as William Shatner juxtaposes poetry with pop lyrics in this 1968 release.Shatner's wry sense of humor is concealed in his presentation; spoken word with dramatic pauses, which punctuates with an exclamation point - or three - his theatre of the absurd. A parody on the pop culture of the day, it transforms \"The Captain\" into a vocalist with wit and a laugh.....seemingly a bad combination for someone who is supposed to be cruising the galaxy with a Vulcan, Scotty and Bones."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'm a an avid viewer of all the teen horrors and comedies that have been  recently coming out. This is one of the bests. Of course, the plot is  predictable, and you have your usual type-cast people (e.g. nerds, jocks,  the beautiful ones. It's just the humour in this movie is better than any  other. Besides 10 Things I Hate About You, but other than, it is! The  actors/actresses really did their part for the movie. Especially Jodi Lynn  O'Keefe who is always awesome at playing the beautiful one. I recommend you  check this one out!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've had the first King Crimson album for quite some time now, and I've always been a fan of theirs. This album, their sixth, released in 1972, is my new favorite. Can you imagine? Six albums over three to four years? Nobody does that these days, nobody! And don't even get me started with the Beatles! This is about \"Crim\", although I admit I love the Beatles as well... I'm still trying to figure out \"Larks' Tongues in Aspic, Part I\" on my guitar, and it's quite challenging! In the words of Sean Penn's character in \"Fast Times at Ridgemont High\": \"Awesome! Totally awesome!!\" Does anyone know of any available transcriptions of their music?"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Just when you thought it was safe to finally put away those blue suede shoes, along comes yet another piece of Presley paraphernalia, the time on DVD. Actually, this is a superb collection of rare, early recordings and never-before-seen black-and-white and color footage that proves just why we still love him tender. Narrated by Levon Helm of the band, the DVD time travels back to the year when-rock-and roll was still in its infancy and a young man hip-swiveling Southern boy was about to Make It Big. Even after all these years, the King's infamous appearance on Ed Sullivan's show still hounds us with delight."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "\"The Four Seasons\" is probably one of the most famous and widely played symphony in the world. This version is beautifully shot and the sound quality is superb. Mr. Karajan and the Berlin Philharmonic are in excellent form. It's always a treat watching Mr. Karajan conduct and play the harpischord. Reminding us how great composers like Beethoven did both in their days. Anne-Sophie Mutter's playing is both heavenly and flawless...and I'm a cellist!  This performance is like a wonderful bottle of Cabernet - very solid. Just perfect for a relaxing evening at home. It's great to have this version on dvd as testament to the growth and talent of Ms. Mutter.  Mutter's 1999 collaboration of \"The Four Seasons\" with the Trondheim Soloists is more energetic & uptempo. Mutter plays with a little more abandon. Unfortunately, the 1999 rendition is cd only and not available on dvd yet."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Brian Regan is an amazingly funny man. Not only is his act clean enough for everyone, but his observations on life are truly on the money and exquisitely made. From ridiculous spill-and-spell names like \"Aymie\", to psychotic doughnut consumption habits, there is no area of American life safe from Regan.I am especially fond of \"Hooked on Phonics\", \"Kid's Party Games\", \"Donut Lady\", and \"Spider Webs and Bees\", although there is not a clunker on the entire CD. For truly funny comedy that the entire family can share, this CD is impossible to beat.Now if you'll excuse me, I need to go find a doughnut with icing all over it, but sprinkles only on one side."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Raised 3 kids, thought I knew most of the techniques for ssothing babies, helping them through rough days (colic, teething, fussy times). But this video brings NEW research and tips to make life easier for parents of new babies...and if you're an aunt or grandparent, you'll learn something new too. SOme of the suggestions are simply amazing, making specific sounds gently into the baby's ears and seeing an instant, peaceful transformation.Many of these suggestions come from looking at life from the baby's perspective and, in retrospect, seem like common sense (but not as easy as it sounds, otherwise there'd be no need for this video). Well worth your viewing time and could bring relief to many an exhausted parent (and baby)."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Like the other Crimson reissues, this hits the mark perfectly. There really isn't more you could ask for. You get a remixed album, bonus tracks, original mix, DVD-Audio, audio DVD-Video and video. Again, the content on the DVD seems to go on forever and I still haven't finished exploring.  Having both formats is good because almost no-one has DVD-Audio, although it's obviously great if you do - I don't, sadly. Steve Wilson does a great job with this project, an album often upheld as the band's finest hour.  I like many of the early albums but I also get why it's so esteemed.  First impressions of the 5.1 mix are that it's fantastic, although I know that this is a matter of opinion in most cases. Crimson fans need it, casual listeners should get a single disc version."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "LTIA was the first in a trilogy of albums in which Crimso was attempting to prove that they were the scariest, most intense band in the world.  They succeeded here, although I feel they truly upped the ante on the succeeding LPs, &quot;Starless and Bible Black&quot; and &quot;Red&quot;--most particularly the last-named record.LTIA Pt. 1, with its whisper-quiet intro and loud, dissonant middle section, declares this intention immediately.  &quot;Easy Money&quot; proves it further, especially with the evil canned laughter at the end.  &quot;Book of Saturday&quot; is a lovely, abstractly despairing track.  The whole album is mesmerizing, and for me, LTIA, S&amp;BB and Red represent the best period in the group's choppy history, especially after the near-misses of ITWOP, Lizard and Islands."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "While not totally comprehensive, there's a lot of material here to absorb and enjoy. After you watch the DVD, be sure to check out the band commentary as it's awesome; lots of fun anecdotes and insight. I enjoyed the bonus extras as well; re: Manzarek student films, memorabilia gallery w/commentary and photo shoot for Morrison's HotelI hate to encourage a further money grab, but it would be nice to have a comprehensive \"ultimate\" collection w/everything available on one edition; not just material here, but all of The Doors available video stuff on one release. New menus, get rid of some the bad editing/silhouettes from Soundstage (if that's possible), new material (there's got to be some) etc. DMC is probably planning something like this for the future."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Which isn't on this collection, but then some  songs wouldn't translate to an unplugged perfomance.  The most amazing contradiction to this was \"Would?\", which absolutely rocks both on Dirt and on this DVD!.  All songs are great, though you can see Layne fading away and screwing the the lyrics on \"Sludge Factory\".  Layne, RIP.  Jerry Cantrell is the leader of this group that by this time had Mike Inez as the bass player.  Who's the drummer again?  My wife says he's one of the best drummers around.  What does she know???  Yeah, ok, he's good.  This DVD rocks, its a must have, even if you aren't a metal head.  what the hell is a metal head anyway?  This is just damn good music...  Oh yeah, I forgot, I'm a metal head."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Aaaahhhhhh, yes that's the perfect mock for a movie so touchy.This movie is no way cheesy or corny.  Bambi was a movie that taught kids that life was not a piece of cake.  In fact you have to deal with reality, like the most fearful thing for a kid be left alone, and the death of a loved one.  How cruel that sound, but Disney as always painted the movie wich such matices that the carry on of it is such painfully delightful.  Without a doubt Bambi will always be one of the most powerful and defying animated pictures.  Bambi focus as many here have stated the relationship that human have(in an animal way).  A nice movie to cherish adn remember."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Every time I see his performance on Comedy Central I laugh. 5 times maybe and I am still laughing hysterically. His humor is witty, yet he doesn't always pick out things like current events. I love his pop-tart bit. The things that make him the best are his facial expressions, eye movements, and the tone of his voice. It's masterful, and it's too bad that this CD doesn't show him doing all of that. His dvd is coming out soon though, so cross your fingers for that.This cd doesn't have the poptart though...Still, it has alot. All his talk about animals is funny. Especially spider webs. The car stuff is funny too. \"Blasting Zone Ahead\" and \"Seatbelts\" are 2 of my favorites."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "M is an essential film. But this DVD was a little disappointing, I felt. The picture and sound were better than other versions I've seen, but still not as pristine as I would have liked. Special features were so-so. Price was as high as Criterion usually likes it. All in all, I've seen better adaptations of similarly legendary films to DVD.But if you are at all interested in the great films of the past, this is a must-have, and Criterion MUST be kept in business at all costs (wince). So this is a good buy overall."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "...and this dvd prove it. Classics songs, an amazing good taste in selecting and performing those songs, which are in the heart of many ..Gilmour have the charisma of those who have everything clear....Of course, tracks like Confortably Numb (one of the 10 songs i loved more) and Wish you Were Here doesn't need too many words, but check out for the MARVELLOUS version of \"Don't\" and the SUBLIMEEEEEE!! \"Sonnet 18\"....This DVD deserves of all the attention. Don't miss it, please, and you'll be a happier person..."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Captain Kirk not only saves entire galaxies while impressing buxom beauties, but also manages to bare his soul in the most extraordinary collection of song and poetry the universe has ever seen. I dare you not to cry at the aching despair of \"Spleen.\" It's okay, let it out, because in a few moments you will rejoice with sheer exuberance to the strains of \"Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds.\" Captain Kirk truly makes this psychedelic gem his own. I personally wish he would cover every Beatles song, because only with his magic touch could they achieve greatness.Bob Dylan and Shakespeare also benefit from the genius of Kirk, as do many others. I'll be honest. I actually feel my I.Q. soar to superhuman levels when I listen to this disc. You owe it to yourself and society to bring this glorious masterpiece into your life. Under the guidance of the Captain, you too will be... TRANSFORMED!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have always liked Rush since I found out about them in 1978 with the release of Hemispheres. A buddy was already listening to them known through his older brother. His brother took us to school one morning and was jamming to hemispheres. I was hooked. Bought the album asap and began buying their other albums as well. Their music has a much different feel for me now days and it seems although the album is still good, it lacks something that the members of Rush had in the earlier days. Not disappointed in the album, it is more or less my taste of music has changed as well because I have not heard a big winner from the last several albums from Rush. I may like a song or two but that will be it. In the past, I usually liked the entire album with maybe one or two songs that I did not like."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Outstanding. The \"Rockumentary\" shows the footage from Led Zeppelin's concert in New York city as well as a bit from their personal lives.The viewer gets an idea of what it's like from their end of the tour as well as some of the most outstanding music ever in concert.Most noteworthy is the drum solo from \"Moby Dick\" from the late John Bonham.It is long,but anything but boring.Overall,this is evidence of why their will never again be quite a decade like the 1970s for music."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Was not expecting to really like this as well as I did, but it was definitely Elvis at his gospel best.  I would prefer to listen to the CD's rather the DVD as you get pure music all the way through.  The DVD has a lot of talking and only part of each song which drives a person crazy trying to listen to it.  CD is very relaxing and has all the favorites - How Great Thou Art, I Believe, Peace in the Valley, American Trilogy, Bridge Over Troubled Water, Amazing Grace, In the Garden, Precious Lord, etc.  Would highly recommend these two CD's."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This album hearkens back to the band's glory days as 70s prog-rockers. Big concept album with philosophical lyrics and lots and lots of experimentation and lengthy self-indulgence. You can tell that Geddy Lee's voice is aging, but if you can get beyond that, you're in for a great ride.What I like best about this album are the innovative melodies. The band's sense of melody has truly evolved into something really special. That should be obvious to anyone familiar with their work from &#34;Test for Echo&#34; and beyond. They continue to carve new musical territory, but these days rely mostly on song structures and melody to tell the most exciting stories. If you're looking for YYZ, you're not going to find it here, but if you're looking to get lost in a haunting world of great prog rock, you can't go wrong."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is without hyperbole one of the best movies ever made.  When I first watched it, I was absolutely riveted.  While German cinema of this time period (1920s-1930s) was certainly edgy, experimental and deeply rooted in the social issues of the day, this movie stands above the rest.  It's one of the very first movies to examine the social problems of serial killers, pedophiles, mental illness and mob rule.  And all of this is delivered with Fritz Lang's incomparable film-making style.The newest Criterion release is definitely the best available.  Not only does the film look lovely with its new transfer, but there are plenty of informative extras to keep Lang's most ardent fans happy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When I was a little bitty kid back in the day (around the late 80s and the early 90s) I loved this movie so much. Everyday I came home from kindergarten I watched this in the late afternoon. I used to sit on the living room carpet, back against the couch and sing &quot;Somewhere Outthere&quot; over and over and over again. The movie was just good to me. I adored it. If I have kids, I would show them this movie because it's touching and it's universal. Recommended."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I just finished watching this DVD. IT SUCKS! I thought it was the TV Special. It was Alice Cooper's concert for the album. The video is bad. So is the audio. The cover says it's \"REMASTERED\". If this is remastered. I'd hate to see the original. If you're looking for the actual TV Special, look for the one that is under 120 minutes AND does not include his hits from the previous years as this disc does. SHAME ON RHINO FOR GIVING US THIS CRAP!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The Olsen twins star in this great tale of halloween adventure. Their family is going through some tuff financial trubles and may lose their house so they turn to the only member of the family with any money- a cruel aunt. Upon arrival they are immediately dismissed- but the young twins presence frightens the mean aunt because she was once a twin herself and she did something very horrible to her own twin. See- their cruel aunt is a witch and used a spell to make her twin vanish and now its up to mary kate and ashley to uncover the plot and save someone they have never met. They find help with a little person and a grave digger and set off around the town trying to learn more about their evil aunt's witches coven. Great for all families with younger children and worth many watches."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "No, I do no take Kiss seriously. But, at least, in their best years the released a lot of classic rock albums, with great tunes that influenced literally hundreds of bands to come.But in the middle eighties, they began to sell out to glam, and the mask was gone: the vanity and greed of Simmons and Stanley became clear for all to see. THat such hard-working and talented musicians became so shallow, it's something almost unbeliavable.This video (now DVD) is a fake from beginning to end, so bad as the newest SECOND COMING. The interviews are terrible, the girls aorund Paul Stanley's swimming pool are just models, most of them porn stars like Candie Evans and Blondi. As for the viedos, there are a handful of good old-ones, but most of them are from the glam phase.This DVD will add aboslutely nothing to you, just to Gene and Paul's pockets."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Mr. Taylor is a troubadour of the ages.  He and the artists he assembled for this production are nothing short of incredible as they hit every note with grace and craftsmanship.  The production quality approaches that of The Eagles \"Hell Freezes Over\" DVD, however, I still feel the Eagles hold the honor of producing the benchmark DVD to measure all other concert DVD videos by.  Nevertheless, this concert is a close second and will captivate any JT fan.  \"Shower the People\" actually brought a tear to my eye, sooo sweet! The sound quality of the DTS is exemplary and the DD 5.1 holds its own.  The camera work is right on the mark and the quality of the video is crystal clear.  Plug this DVD in and experience the Beacon Theater's warm ambiance from the front row and beyond. I've played this DVD dozens of times and look forward to the next."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Peter Pan is an uplifting fantasy. It portrays the desire of children to fly, have a magical friend, and travel to a world of adventure. Its a simple story with moral lessons. The biggest aftereffect is that it stimulates a child's imagination.Disney brings to life the classic children's story. After watching the movie all the way through I turned on the audio commentary by Roy Disney while watching it a second time. The background information on the film is fascinating and gives you an entirely different perspective. Walt Disney and those who provided the voices also have interesting things to say."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am going to echo everyone who says that this cd hasn't left their player. Being someone that changes her cd every few songs it is rare for me to keep one cd replaying over and over. I love the combination of Lacey's sweet childlike voice mixed in with some well crafted hard rock notes. I had been going through  some down times in my life and this cd is just what I need. The lyrics and music really relate to my issues and help to find serenity in my faith. I recommend this everyone. A+"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Arguably the better of the two DVD's available for James Taylor, &quot;Live at Beaconsfield&quot; is an impressive showcase of JT's career. It has a high re-watch factor, and both soundtracks (PCM or 5.1) are worth a listen.  If you have a good surround sound system, you will honestly feel like you are there.  It's that good!There are over 20 songs to watch and listen, which make it worth every penny.  A music DVD that is a must in your collection.  Add the impressive picture sharpness, and you have a real winner."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "So lets start of by saying I could only see Satch live in Buenos Aires Argentina, and I was like there is such a difference between live and studio that its just amazing. My favorite artist here is Steve, so what can I say bout this guys that hasn't been said.  Firstly, the song selection from these artists isn't all that great, think Steve could have chosen some better songs from the Passion and Warfare album.  Two of these songs come from that album, although I would have loved to listen ANIMAL and EROTIC NIGHTMARES which are two of Vai's greatest songs for my taste.  This DVD is kind of short, they could have included one more song for each artist.  It's about 75 minutes long. Though regarding quality its very good, I definately was left wanting more.  Anyway the price is excellent so I suggest you buy it anyway, a must own DVD for any fan.  Worth it for the price!!! is my final comment."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is one seriously disturbing movie. Fritz Lang created several masterpieces (e.g., Metropolis) in his career, but M is unique. This was Lang's first \"talkie\" and to be honest the dialog means little to your ears if you're watching M and can't understand German (you can read English subtitles - very well done in the recent criterion release on DVD). Yet the \"talkie\" nature of M is critical when Lorre's character whistle's chords from Edvard Grieg's Peer Gynt before each chilling moment. I found this use of a simple repeated musically element to be one of the most effective I have ever heard in a film. If you don't like subtitles M won't be your cup of tea, but if they don't bother you then check this movie out. You'll have chills for a while I promise! 5 stars!*This review is of the Criterion 1999 version."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "There will never be a winner in the Flantley vs Dunne debate, which is perhaps appropriate, as the true star of the show is the music and dance, ably assisted by Colin Dunne, Jean Butler, Katie McMahon, et al.  The sheer  power of this production is overwhelming.  Even those who are not  afficianados of the dance will be enthralled by the pounding rhythms and  dizzying movements of the dancers.  The joy of Riverdance is apparent in  the interplay between the performers, masterfully captured in this video.  When the dancers are enjoying themselves, the audience feeds on the  enthusiasm, and a performance becomes a memorable event.  Riverdance - Live  from New York City is just such an occasion.  If I ever find a time  machine, I'm going back to catch the premier!  What a show!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I still remember her performance in State Fair when she dazzled a young Pat Boone. In this Elvis movie, she plays a swimming instructor who does not like him at first. Near the beginning is an interesting number where they trade opinions of each other, Elvis liking Rusty I think her name is, and she not liking him. Of course they eventually fall in love with each other, but a car race and getting Elvis' car ready to run is more important. It was really funny watching the very voluptuous Ann-Margret get covered in motor oil while working under his car, but then she also does a number about following her mother's advice. She is some dancer, but Elvis is some singer with moves of his own."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought this DVD for my Grandson who is 6 because he likes MJ's stage moves and energy. I don't mind him watching talented entertainers like MJ and i will not expose him to untalented phoney so called performers of the day in which unfortunatley there are too many. If you can't sing and you must talk in time to the same base beat don't call it singing please. I have heard too many singing live on TV that were off key and flat and just awful or use a voice synthesiser aid to help them cover up their lack of talent. Thank God for real talent like Elvis and Michael Jackson we can see entertainment at its best. There are some duds on this DVD but when MJ is on he is really on and all other entertainers of today pale in comparison. Elvis, Michael rest in peace knowing there are no others like you."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is now a classic.  You will be amazed by the exquisite setting.  Well, the acting is not exactly what you expect from a movie, but you have to remember that this is an opera not a movie.  The singers are expected to  hit the right note at the right time, so the acting is not their priority.  But having said that, it is far better than any the usual opera singer  acting!  The singing is excellent, but I would not say the best.  Just  remember that there are better recordings of this opera in the market.  But  none of them comes with this kind of visual spectacles.  In that sense, the  slight imperfection in the singing is more than fully compensated.  Domingo  looks a bit too old for his role in the picture, but even today he still  sings this role (in reality he is old enough to play the father of  Alfredo!)  You must see this."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "alice in chains my fav band alltime wernt grunge or metal or rock they were alice in chains haunting beautiful music that covered love addiction and everything we go through in life there will never be another alice in chains buy this dvd and see thier greatness it sounds great and being unplugged really brings out the power in many of the songs like down in a hole or angry chair this was the last time alice was all together as a band live and its 1 of the best music performances alltime any genre i miss alice in chains and the 90s and i pray stp doesnt have the same fate"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was very pleased with this 2 disc DVD set. I am big fan of Led Zeppelin. It begins with the movie starring LED ZEP band members and agent. The revenge upon the thieves, who stole LZ's money during their tour in NY, was pretty funny. Viewer gets to see press releases, interviews regarding the stolen money. Jimmy did a nice job with Moby Dick: lots of great footage of John Bonham (drummer) - nice dedication to John's memory.Every time I hear the song played, I now think of the rare video footage. LZ's Madison Square Gardens performance in 1973 is great. Money well spent.:)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Enya is such a wonderful artist, truly given a gift from God!! Every song on this album is a delight to listen to. \"Once You Had Gold\" is a song I'm actually using in a fanfiction story I'm writing, and I hardly ever do \"songfics.\" But this song is so beautiful and poignant and angsty that it fits perfectly with the message I'm trying to get across.Other special favorites are the title song, Anywhere Is, Athar Ar Neamh, China Roses . . . Okay, let's just say the whole album is a classic!!! I'm not really into new age music, but Enya is different! You will not go wrong buying her albums, and especially this one is a must-have!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "As I understand it, this film was a revolution at the time, with Zeferelli opting for shooting as for a film rather than filming a stage production. As another commentator commented, the miming is not always perfect and lip movements and sung words don't always match. However, the sound of one of Verdi's greatest operas is wonderful and the soloists are great. Domingo is in his prime here, not only a splendid voice but also a great actor, and Teresa Stratas does an equally great job as Violetta. The production is gorgeous, a feast to the eye as well as the ear, and the party scene, with two stars of the Bolshoi Ballet in the starring dancing roles, is absolutely breathtaking (\"He really didn't do that, did he? Omigosh, he did it again!\"). A must for all lovers of opera."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "For those of you who have seen the Woodstock movie, you loved it so much, you wanted to see what happened next, some new faces and not the least, Leonard Cohen, ELP first appearance, The Doors, it seems even better but the result is a bit dissapointing. The isle of Wight was more for the money than Woodstock. Some were kept out even if only one outta then of the crowd payed. We don't get the feeling that we're there with them as in Woodstock and the footage isn't as good but it is enjoyable, you can see some great performance, especially from Pete Townshend. If you don't have seen Woodstock, see this one first and then Woodstock, better keep the best for the end."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The eqipment used to make this movie was only fair. HOWEVER, for good reason this my favorite. The performances of The Who, Jimi Hendrix, Otis Redding, Janis Joplin, and more, are terrific. It is quite fun to see Mama Cass's reaction to Janis Joplin's \"Ball and Chain.\" The ending of the festival is fantastic-- Ravi Shankar's group plays the longest and most wonderful raga, or whatever one would call it. Have you ever listened to some performer-- and the performance is so incredible that at the end you stand up applauding? The performance has literally pulled you out of your seat? Well Shankar's raga pulled everyone out of their seat-- even Micky Dolenz of the monkees. I have owned the video for 20 years or so, and it is by far the best 60s rock concert I have ever heard.-- Sam Yulish, author of WHERE HAVE ALL THE HIPPIES GONE and THE HESITANT PSYCHIC AND OTHER STRANGE STORIES."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is deep, serious fantasy stuff, not messing around or tarnishing the image of the dragon. It has a strong story, fantastic villains, and even a deep philosophy behind the story. Plus, it doesn't get graphic with the  violence, so the whole family can watch it. It also has a fantastic theme  song. You just have to hear it! It will make you cry, and you will be  singing it for days. As much as I enjoyed Willow, I believe that this is  the perfect fantasy movie. Forget Dragonheart, and what I've read about  Dragonslayer makes it sound unsuitable for kids. If you're touchy about  things like drunken behavior, then keep the really young kids away.  Otherwise, enjoy this fantastic movie. Watch for Sir Orin Neville-Smythe's  prayer. It has to be one of the best monologues in any movie ever. If you  like this movie, I also recommend The Last Unicorn."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "What can I say about this delightfully horrible recording that hasn't already been said? Shatner's ridiculously overdone Shakespearean soliloquies, paired with old pop standards that he talks through (rather than actually sings), is one of the greatest &amp; most famous `goof' albums ever made! It's truly bad, yet you just can't help but listen! My two faves are his covers of `Mr. Tambourine Man' and `Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds'. In both of these, he sounds like he's comin' down off of some really bad trips (which I believe was the idea in the first place!). Just cue this up at your next big Trekkie eppie marathon and let `er roll!`Late"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought this movie and had my three plus yr old watch it and I couldn't believe how terrified he was. I had to keep forwarding the scary scenes. I had no idea this was such an old movie. The music sounds like church music and is not something I consider for kids (Remember it is rated G). The video may be remastered but the audio quality is poor and one has to turn up the volume to listen to the dialogue which makes the scary scenes even more so. I think this is an age old format of story telling which needs to revised. Unfortunately Disney keeps repeating it through movies like Incredibles."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This package was released sometime after the 1997 release of Michael Jackson's BLOOD ON THE DANCE FLOOR album. There is a video for BOTDF in this package. I just love SCREAM. That video features MJ's sister Janet,who's freaky like her brother. Take note of two censorships when the video is seen on MTV or VH1. The second word of the quoted line in SCREAM that goes &quot;stop f---ing with me&quot; is muted and also during that,Janet &quot;flips the digit&quot; which is blurred. Sorry,they're just following FCC regulations. No MJ fan should be without this package unless he/she chooses not to."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the film we all will someday show our kids and hopefully inculcate many morals to live by:  \"Now, children, remember, life isn't always fair. Don't start forest fires, and tell all your hunter friends that Bambi misses his mommy.\"I liked the film. I really did. My mother...well, she's a mother, so she understands the \"sacrifices\" (I've never seen anyone so passionately cry for Dumbo's mother, either).It's a Disney classic, so if you plan to have kids someday, and you want to get the above messages across, this movie pretty much does the trick."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I found this DVD very inspirational in terms of motivating students of ballet to really work hard and strive for perfection.  It was interesting and informative to see how the Russian students were picked and what happens to them in their schooling, up to a final performance where they are seen by the public and how they later become successful dancers.  There is a wonderful segment showing the older student and how she learns old choreography from an older former great Russian ballerina, like it is handed down reverently from generation to generation.  I loved the dancing of these students, as well as the joy they showed in their training."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Dude this band is awesome. I saw these guys in concert and they are AWESOME. They put on a really good show. That's where I really got to hear them and I've loved them since. What attracted me the most is that the lead singer, a girl, what screaming. I've never heard a female do screamo. It's freakin' awesome. And her voice is so unique. I love it. I highly recommend this CD AND I recommend going to see them in concert because they rock!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "MeTalHeaD4Ever \"DEath\" pretty much hit the nail on the head. This sounds like Avril Lavigne and Evanescence mixed together, which isn't a good thing! The grating vocals have already been described. The lyrics are generic, nu-metal tripe. Cristina Scabbia could kill this new girl in singing and songwriting. The guitar consists of power chords and no soloing. Why have 2 guitarists if they do the same thing?! The bassist might as well just quit, since you can't hear him. The drums aren't special either.All Tracks: 0/10Avoid this garbage, and get Lacuna Coil's new CD instead."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you are not an instrumental rock'n roll fan and your blood doesn't boil with some extreme overdrive and other guitar effects, this is not for you. If you are a rock guitar player, this is a must-have. Satriani and Vai, as the backbone of the G3 extravaganza, deliver some of their famous songs with the usual energy and virtuosity. Eric Johnson, I have to say, has a very different personality, melodic approach, and technique from Vai and Satriani, but I think this contrast makes the first edition of G3 a unique jewel that you don't want to miss. Additional material in the DVD is OK. It could be a lot better."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Nice for a first try (this is a direct dub from a SONY video with no added production values) but obviously this DVD will be remastered at some point to provide true surround sound and a better ecomomic layout.DG is already ahead of the game in that department, they have just released a DVD set &quot;Anne-Sophie Mutter - Beethoven's Complete Violin Sonatas&quot; featuring some six hours of music on two DVD's - talk about value for money!For me it's only a matter of time before SONY Music will reissue the complete Beethoven cycle on a double DVD set with much better sound (we've gone through this with the compact disc format and why shouldn't we again with the DVD format)!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is not another lousy Celtic New Age album - it is a genuine piece of music, well written and performed with emotion. It never fails to send shivers up and down my spine for some reason... Ever since I heard Orinoco Flow Enya has cast her spell on me. She is just so different and strange and so utterly artistic. On this album every song is as perfect as it can get on a pop record, with melodies that have a tendency to lodge themselves into my brain. I have every Enya album to date, but this one seems to be particularly special. A must for any music lover!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have it and the Bolshoi and Royal Ballet at Covent Garden in VHS, have loved Swan Lake since 1948. This is the best performance I have ever seen. Makhalina is amazing, astounding, inspiring, awesome as both Odette and Odile. I haven't seen anyone handle the arms so perfectly, apart from the poetry of the rest of her body. Zelensky matches an astounding physical performance to a great ballet interpretation of the music and the drama. The  Corps de Ballet discipline and artistry are impressive; the Pas de Quatre in the second scene of the first act is my total favorite. Love the whole thing."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I really liked Mythology and Black Utopia, though the engineering / mix on BU was poor. But this album is even worse. Musically it goes no where. Almost like he was trying to copy previous attempts but ran out of ideas. The \"Featuring Billy Idol and Slash\" thing is an absolute joke. Some how he got these guys to do an absolutely horrible version of In The Summertime. It's so bad it's hard to believe any one would put it on a CD other than to draw attention and sales from the names. Too bad, I had higher expectations from this guy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I SAW THIS MOVIE FOR THE FIRST TIME IN 1964 WHILE I WAS IN THE SERVICETHEN SAW IT ON OCCASION ON CABLE...........AND I BELIEVE I RENTED THE OLD DVD ONCE OR TWICE...........WELL WATCHING THE BLU RAY RELEASE OF THIS MOVIE IS LIKE SEEING IT FOR THE FIRST TIME.........THE COLOR ,SHARPNESS,(1080p) AND THE ADDITION OF DOLBY TRUE 5.1.......IN THIS RELEASE IS MIND BLOWING.........THERE IS THE ORIGINAL TRAILER AS WELL AS OTHER EXTRAS SUCH AS A RUNNING COMMENTARY BY A VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE COMMENTATOR.......THE SURROUND IN THE CAR RACE IS UNREAL......I CANT BELIEVE THIS IS THE SAME MOVIE THAT I SAW WAY BACK WHEN.......AND ELVIS AND ANN...........LOOK OUTSTANDING..............BUY THIS BLU RAY......YOU WILL TRUELY ENJOY IT.........REMEMBER WHAT I SAID YOU HAVENT SEEN THIS MOVIE TILL YOUVE SEEN THE BLU RAY RELEASE.........YOU WILL THANK ME.........."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow, this performance by Alice In Chains blew me away.  It was their first live show in almost 3 years and while watching the DVD you can just tell that they really did love performing.  Layne Staley was one of the greatest vocalists of all time, when he sings you can feel the emotion.  Jerry is an amazing and underated guitar player, he has a beautiful voice as well.  This show is a little sad though, the atmosphere on most of the unplugged shows are very moody.  This DVD rocks and AIC set a standard for modern rock/alternative.  My favorites are \"Heaven Beside You\" and the unreleased song \"The Killer Is Me\"... it has an amazing chorus and guitar riff.  If you like AIC, this is highly recomended."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've always adored \" Scooby Doo\" since i was 8 and this movie was a excellent comeback for him, i saw this on Cartoon Network and thought it was great.It's the story of Scooby, Shaggy and friends who take a vacation in a southern made Island to investagate a strange going on, now they discovered that the Island is cursed by dark forces including the undead, will they make it out alive or end up as bait for the darkness?Very entertaining and thrilling Scooby flick inspired by the old 40's voodoo flicks and Lucio Fulci Italian horror flicks, this is a must see for fans of Scooby or Zombie lovers.Similar movies recommended: Lucio Fulci's Zombie, City of the Living Dead, Dawn of the Dead, Cat People, An American Werewolf in London, Day of the Dead, Lucio Fulci's The Beyond, Evil Dead, Evil Dead II, Return of the Living Dead, Let Sleeping Corpses Lie and Creepshow."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Although it was before my time, as a big music fan I took the opportunity to pick this film up when I saw it on sale. I can see why they tried to re-create the feeling  of these times by staging woodstock 94 and 99, unfortunate that 99 ruined a great thing.  If you like music from that era, this film is a definite must have. The who, Hendrix, Joe Cocker to name a few, but many other as well. Interesting look into Flower power. I don't nessesarily agree with everything in the movie, but this is an important American Documentary.  Something for any Music person to watch at least once in their life."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Handel's late oratorio is giving a magnificent reading in this modern staging, taped at the 1996 Glyndebourne Festival.  Baroque specialist William Christie leads the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment and a group of spectacularly talented principals who bring great sensitivity and drama to some of Handel's most achingly-beautiful music.  Daniels, Upshaw, Croft and Hunt all sing ravishingly (pay special attention to Croft's wonderful first act aria).  The Glyndebourne Chorus is spectacular, and gives wonderful treatment to the great choral sections.  Avante-garde director Peter Sellars gives the piece a modern treatment that holds interest, if not providing any revelatory moments.  Technical aspects are superb.  Highly recommended for the Handel completist, and a great introduction to this beautiful score (considered to be Handel's personal favorite)."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I had to give this 5 stars, I mean it is NIN and all of their awesome videos are on one of the tapes! This 2 tape set (depending on which tape you view first) starts with videos for Head Like a Hole (classic NIN) Wish, Happiness in Slavery (certainly NOT for the squeamish) March of the Pigs, Gave Up (featuring Marilyn Manson and filmed at the Sharon Tate house) to the 2 most brilliant works of art in music video: Closer and The Perfect Drug. The second tape includes concert footage and backstage happenings with Marilyn Manson, David Bowie and the Jim Rose Circus. I only wished that it had more of the backstage stuff and that the filming wasn't so distorted in parts, but Trent will do as he will and we will love it!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've had this since the day it was released and it just doesn't get old. One video includes all the bands videos up through Perfect Drug (including the controversial Happiness in Slavery video!). The 2nd video is filled with live material and backstage footage. If you're a big NIN fan like me you should love these vids. I only gave this 4/5 stars because the quality of the live material isn't as good as it could have been (but its still good and not bad by any means). This video set was a great addition to my collection."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "It is not 100% guaranteed, but the recording is relaxing enough to make sleep a real possibility. Be warned: The Delta Sleep System is NOT designed for a room-sized music system; in fact it can be downright irritating coming through big speakers. It works best with a headset on personal players like ipods and mp3 players. (Yes, you can fall asleep wearing headphones - if you use the in-the-ear buds instead of the monster head sets.) My biggest gripe is that the recording has an abrupt break in the middle - like the company is still making vinyls with only 30 minutes per side, not cds. Wish they'd made it a single, seamless recording. If I'm not fully in the zone, that break is especially annoying."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "First let me say that I was the idiot who thought that this contained the whole Woodstock concert (all days and all footage). Instead, I got one or two videos from each artist. I wanted to see all of Jimi Hendrix's concert or all of Janis Joplin's. Sadly, its not here. A friend said I'd have to find and purchase a different dvd and that costs alot more. I give it three stars because I did enjoy the videos that were there and they made me feel as if I was at the concert. If you are looking for the entire concert with videos of all songs from each artist, this is not it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Long time AC/DC collector here! i have had this on vhs & had a kinda a bootleg dvd of this that was dark & had alot of grain in it. what can i say? One of AC/DC's best recorded live show's on dvd for the first time.this should have been done year's ago. But they did it right so maybe there was a reason for the wait.The only thing i think they should of done is this has allway's been one song short of a full concert.they never put t.n.t on the movie i have audio of it so you know they have the video for it. i meen they could of put t.n.t in the extras but other wise great live movie from a great live band."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This album is a treasure mostly because the sound is unique to anything you will hear. No other artist will be able to imitate this sound, and even this very band, in any other lineup, couldn't imitate the sound. And it is definitely a cool sound.This is a great album to introduce yourself to King Crimson. The sound is very accessible, but remaining extremely experimental and artistic.The whole thing has a very dark and sinister tone to it, which definitely adds to the value of the music in my opinion.The album definitely isn't for everyone, and may put you in a weird mood if you listen to it too many times, or for too long, but I cannot deny that this is a class album.Also, don't judge the album solely by the samples that are provided on any website. :)The songs change quite a bit throughout."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This concert was filmed during Priest's 1986 Fuel For Life Tour in support of their &#34;Turbo&#34; album.  That album is certainly more commercial than nearly anything Priest had done before that time and that turned off a lot of die-hard fans.  However, according to the large crowd of fans shown on this video, that did not keep the fans away from catching the Metal Gods live.  The concert is a lot of fun to watch and a great snapshot of what it was like to attend a heavy metal concert in the mid-1980's.  You get the poofy hair, explosions, high energy, giant robot, and, of course, great tunes.  The band seem to be having a great time playing and the fans obviously love it.  They play a good mix of older songs and newer songs.  This may not be the definitive Priest concert film to watch but it is certainly a lot of fun."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you want to watch Scooby Doo with your children, try \"Scooby-Doo and the Alien Invaders\", \"Scooby-Doo and the Monster of Mexico\", \"Scooby-Doo and the Loch Ness Monster\", \"Scooby-Doo and the Cyber Chase\" or \"Scooby-Doo and the Ghoul School\".This is far too dark, and scary, for most young children, or even older children.I adore this movie now that I am a teenager, though. It's great for older Scooby Doo fans."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The Performance is HISTORIC and LEGENDARY, but... where's the DVD? I have this entire show on CD and it's one of my most widely listened to records. The Performance / Artistry goes without saying. This (Other than Live At Woodstock - which i'm still waiting for the complete Hendrix Woodstock perormance on DVD, not the crappy edited version which leaves out half the songs - other than Woodstock this is Hendrix at his film/recorded BEST. I'm gonna buy this tape right now cause' i've been wating for the DVD for 4 years and it still aint' been released."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Esta coleccion de DVD ( que en realidad es uno) contiene sus 3 m&aacute;s producidos videos. The Soft Parade, Dance on Fire y Live at the Hollywood Bowl. Lo unico nuevo en relaci&oacute;n a sus antecesores es el comienzo ( un video que se nota forzado) en que los tres sobrevivientes te dan la bienvenida al programa. posteriormente se escucha una relajada secci&oacute;n de comentarios para cada video. Estop hace entretenido pues se conocen aspectos muy interesantes sobre cada una de las diferentes presentaciones y tambien como se realizaron cada uno de los videos. se incluye una version del director del tema \" LA Woman\" donde se puede apreciar el cuerpo \"desnudo\" de la victima del sicopata. En fin un material excelente para cualquier fanatico de The Doors y tambien para quienes queieren conocer un poco a una de las bandas que abrio las puertas de la percepci&oacute;n y de la musica en los 60."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought Flyleaf's CD over the weekend and just had to put up a comment about it.  I would not rate this CD my favorite that I have bought in the past year but I would certainly put it into the top, oh I don't know, 20.  It is a good CD having many good tracks on it, but listening to Fully Alive on the radio then buying the CD and listening to the entire CD, the CD was different than what I expected, so that could be altering my judgement on it.  There is a bit too much screaming on the first track and another on it, I don't remember which one.  Buy the CD because it is worth your money, just don't buy it because you really like Fully Alive because many of the songs on the CD are not like that song, they are a bit heavier than that.  A good CD overall and I will be buying their next CD coming out."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the seminal rock film of all time.  I remember reading about the concert in \"Rolling Stone\", wondering about going, it sounds pretty good.  But I was still in high school on the west coast, and the surf was up that summer.  Then, when it hit the television news, the whole thing took up a life of its own...spontaneous combustion!  Then the three-record set came out, the movie came out, the poster came out, the magazine coverage, and the books.  With the passing of time, it's great the director's cut has been released, revealing more of what happened at the original Woodstock.  Drop some brown acid, and take a wild ride!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This album absolutely blows away Snakes and Arrows. Not only do you have a jamming Rush but the melodic as well!! The song Headlong Fight is definitly the best song on the album. Probably one of the best songs that they put out in a while. The melodic side is back. The songs Halo Effect, The Wreckers and The Garden have an atmospheric sound that will send chills through you as you listen. There is not a bad song on the album, compared to finding a good song that will stick to you on Snakes and Arrows. They have come along way with their music. and hopefully they will make more! This CD gives me faith in the bands new music form again. I hope it continues. You can only Wish Them Well! See you at the show in Philly!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you ever wonder how a 60 year old soul/pop/rock star can still draw the attention of 150000 fans, then buy this dvd.  Tina is pure showwomanship pouring energy and sympathy over a raving dutch crowd. The director keeps  our attention focused on the whole setting and leaves us wanting for more.  The Greatest Hits format of the concert is wonderful and the sound quality  is great!  Also note the lip synch that the stage screen and live Tina  accomplish in River Deep, Mountain High and the coreography involved in the  Goldeneye number. Great dvd, BUY IT!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Bambi isn't just one of Disney's best animated features, it truly is a work of stunning art.  Really.  The entire film is so gorgeously imagined, choreographed and executed that it may move you in its sheer beauty, not to mention the fact that it is a wonderfully layered story appropriate for nearly anyone anywhere.  It is fascinating to watch it as the precursor to nearly all of Disney's later triumphs, perhaps most of all The Lion King.  It is essentially the same story, told through a different species.  Even the settings, and the dramatic use of nature as integral to the scenic look of the film, recall so many other, later Disney films.  Your children will love it, and yes, they'll be devastated by its most heart-wrenching plot twist.  But it's also a wonderful way to introduce bits of life's crueler twists of fate -- and to discuss them as a family.  Bravo Bambi!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I love Storefront Hitchcock. However the DVD was released in Standard format only (full screen) which is way lame.And Hitchcock performed many other songs that were filmed that could've easily been included here. the Soundtrack CD contains a bunch of songs not in the film (and the Soundtrack Vinyl LP contains a few more).It's nice that Demme would make this film but why is it SOOO brief?I mean his Talking Heads film Stop Making Sense is nearly two hours in length.Come on, 77 Minutes?!?It's shame that it took so long to be released on DVD/VHS to begin with but why itwas given such a half baked-release is beyond me.Hitchcock deserves much better."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This latest version of Larks Tongues is so close to the 30th anniversary version in how it sounds that I almost have to say I don't hear a difference. I know, all of you Crimson folks out their are just a rabid as all of you Gentle Giant fans reading this. If it's a new version you MUST have it. NO Choice. Well I can say that I did notice a huge difference when I listened to the 5.1. That is where this release really shines. Get it for that and the videos. You have NO choice!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am a huge fan of Evanesence and I stumbled upon this band. They are a definite rock band with a Christian twist but anyone can enjoy it. Cassie is probably the most religious of all the songs (talking about the girl at Columbine who answered \"yes\" if she believed in God so the shooters killed her). This is a great band and the singer reminds me of Amy Lee, except minus some of the lung power. I love most of the songs on here such as \"All Around Me\", \"I'm sorry\", \"I'm so sick\", and \"Cassie\". If you have heard any of Evanesence, this band sounds similar. I really enjoyed this CD and have listened to it a lot."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Honestly, after reading some of the wonderfully written reviews here I cannot see myself even attempting to better this excellence.  Just going to say I watched it today and was astounded.  I originally started to watch it in English but as soon as Lorre came on, realized he didn't do his own voice-over. Stopped and begin the subtitled version. The imagery in this film will blow you away. Lorre is perfect in the part.  I've mostly seen him in comedic roles, the exception being CASSABLANCA, so this was a good opportunity to watch him strut his dramatic chops.On a lesser note, I enoyed seeing life in the 30's Germany. The washboard and the wash tub, the way the rooms looked as well as the way people dressed.Now, go read some of the other reviews. You won't be sorry."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "It has been brought to my attention, by the people who left comments, that the review I wrote lacked good judgement and taste. It is one thing to say you don't like something, but to be rude and belligerent is wrong; nevertheless, I still do not like the band, and, therefore, I won't raise the amount of stars I gave at first, but  I do detract the words Appalling and vacuous.Fans of the band, please forgive me for being rude.The original review is below.The four and one half star rating of this album is beyond me.  The music is substandard, the singer, appalling, and the lyrics, vacuous! If you are looking for a female-fronted metal band, buy Tristania, Epica, After Forever, or Within Temptation.  This is a \"Fly leaf\" from a horrible book!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I heard of Brian Regan many many years ago, I believe he did an HBO special with his brother about 15 years ago....I hadn't heard much more about him in the years to come, but he came to Phoenix to do a show, and I heard him on the radio, so I bought his CD, even though it's a few years old already....I loved the CD, and my wife laughed throughout it even though she tends to get bored listening to comedy CDs....It contains mainly observational humor about growing up, so I listened to it in the car while driving the family places, and my kids love it too (aged 11 & 6)....It is family friendly humor, which is hard to find....and it does wonders for long distance family road trips....He seems to be actively touring the comedy club scene, I just wish he would put out a new CD soon, considering this one is going on 8 years old now...."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Some might say (including historians, musical producers and liner notes writers) that Hawkins was much better than Webster, that only Young could equall his power with his unique approach. Even if this is true, the level at which Hawk and Webster play is so high that I see the meeting of two true giants.Impecable rhythm section led by great Oscar Peterson always helps at these Verve style encounters and I feel that both tenor plays made the best of it. Whether it is gentle ballads, blowing the blues or harmonizing in rhythm, this CD should satisfy not only swing and mainstream fans but also modern jazz fans: mainstream by definition leans somewhat towards modern jazz and Hawk and Peterson particularly well blend the best of both worlds (as they did throught their careers; Hawkins even before modern jazz was born).A classic."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "First of all, let me slam the guy who gave this one star because it has too much dynamic range. Note: I am a professional recording engineer and trust me....dynamic range is GOOD. Most pop albums are compressed to the point of being unmusical. Okay, end of rant. Now on to this disc: King Crimson is one of the best bands ever to make music, and this is one of their best CDs. We can argue whether it's THE best or one of the top three, but come on, we're splitting hairs here. If you are open to challenging and wondrous music, buy this. Now. I mean it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Deuter: try the soundtrack for the tunes cut short by the movie..five discs have all the movie stuff plus all the extra's.The movie itself is awesome. I've been waiting for years...my Laserdisc version holding me over until this fabulous release. The remaster with the improved sound is excellent and the extra stuff is a great bonus. David Lemieux (dead archivist) promises that they'll be more to come from this set of historic '74 Winterland \"farewell\" shows.P.S., the Dead wanted to document the ENTIRE Dead Head concert experience so all the audience coverage was deemed necessary as it aint a show without the Heads!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've been a Skillet fan for years, and they just keep impressing me more with each album.  \"Comatose\" is a great blend of driving, hard rock with quick (though constant) infusions of synth rhythms.What's most amazing about this album, however, is the lyrical intimacy the band achieves in the midst of such hard rock.  Songs like \"The Last Night\" and \"Yours to Hold\" contain some beautiful lyrics of love, but they're couched in the midst of the screaming guitars and driving rhythms.\"Rebirthing\" and \"Whispers in the Dark\" show off the band's hard rock edge, while \"Say Goodbye\" and \"Looking for Angels\" are excellent ballads.  Overall, another winner from this incredible band."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Once Shatner's Capt. Kirk character was described as 'a swaggering dictatorial braggart with delusions of godhood.?  That pretty much describes the performances on this CD! If you love the 'Golden Throats' type of comedy albums that weren't originally intended to be funny as they obviously are now, this is probably as good as it gets. Speaking of things that are unintentionally hilarious, given the ridiculous prices some people think they can get for a used copy, this CD just SCREEMS to be reissued.  Until then, if someone offers a used copy at a reasonable price, who knows, someone out here may actually buy it!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I own many of John Denver's music is 33 record form.  He has been one on my personal favorites for many years.  He has such a melodic and warm voice.  It's always a pleasure to listen to his music.  This Wildlife concert was to highlight his music and his love and interest in the environment.  Between every few songs John stops singing and talks about his inspiration for why he wrote a particular song.  I didn't find it distracting since many of John songs he wrote himself.  It's nice to hear the background.This DVD has beautifully clear video and sound.  The concert runs almost 2 hours (113min) of pure enjoyment for John Denver fans."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow. This is one of those animated movies you won't soon forget. With a wonderful score by James Horner, great story, and admirable characters, this is right up there with Disney's best.Basic plot: Boy gets separated from his family on their way to America by boat and must find his way back to them. On his journey, he meets new friends and enemies in one grand adventure in New York. Oh, did I mention the main character and his family are mice? Watch it and enjoy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the best Darin DVD available - Bobby died several months after this performance.  This incredible DVD showcases better than any - and better than many of his CDs- the range of talent this man embodied.  From \"Beyond the Sea\" to \"Midnight Special,\" you get 200 percent of everything Bobby had to give. His energy in this performance is incredible, almost as if he knew it was his final. What's more, this performance had not been thoroughly rehearsed, Bobby had his oxygen sitting backstage to take hits from between songs, and if you watch closely, you'll see him working to get blood circulating through his hands. This is Bobby Darin at his cumulative best and shows what he could do with a song that no other vocalist can do."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have been a fan of Enya's music ever since the release of her second  album Watermark and after listening to this particular offering, I can  safely say it is the most exquisite music I have ever heard.  The vocal  layering and music form an absolutely magical sound that is uniquely Enya's  own;  and in combination with Roma Ryan's poetic lyrics, this is definitely  a match made in musical heaven.  There are no misses here as every song can  stand on it's own merit.  If you enjoy Enya's music this is an absolute  must have for your collection.  She just keeps getting better...."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Their are plenty of reviews discussing the content of the film / concert.  My review is specifically intended to address the transfer of this film to Blu-Ray.  The source signal (at least on my copy) indicates a 1080i transfer (not 1080p).  Still, this is the best available version of this package to date.  Film is grainy in outdoor sequences, however concert footage is more than acceptable when considering the source material is over 30 years old.  Purchased this copy over the Best Buy website in December '07.  As other reviewers point out, it has since been discontinued in this particualar format and re-release timing TBD."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "As many others have mentioned, this video is a behind the scenes look at the \"Yield\" album recording sessions.Each member shares something different, whether talking about the band's approach to the album or how the band has changed over the years, or their personal views on the band or music in general.  The performance sections sound great, and nearly every song on the album is performed (at least in part).Yield is my favorite album so seeing the creative process behind it is very cool.  Input from each member is represented fairly equally, and you can see a kind of \"rebirth\" happening during the making of that album.Before \"Pearl Jam Twenty\" was released, this was really the only footage of its kind showing the creative process within the band, but for me this video has a uniquely intimate feel, as if you were in the studio with them rather than just seeing footage of the band recording.  Definitely would recommend this for all Pearl Jam fans, especially if you love Yield!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is an intimate look at Pearl Jam rehearsing and recording they're incredible &quot;Yield&quot; album.  The DVD does not contain chapters or extras, which I'll admit is kind of a drag.  You have to start it at the  beginning and just watch it.  But upon watching it, you find Pearl Jam  lightening up and making music with smiles on their faces as they perform.  It's a great film which inspires me, as a musician, to play and write  better and love what I do."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "in 1973 an amateur film crew made a half-assed effort to film Led Zeppelin on 3 below average nights at  Madison Square Garden on the nights of 27, 28, and 29 July 1973. The film was entirely financed by the band and shot on 35mm with a 24-track quadraphonic sound recording. In 1976 in an effort to pacify an impatient label, the film  started by director Joe Massot, would be finished by director Peter Cliffton and released in theaters all over the world.The special addition includes the missing songs that complete the setlist but they are not &#34;branched&#34; into the original DVD to restore the original continuity of the live set but rather included separately on the bonus DVD."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "King Crimson uses part of the rock language ( with the instrumentation ) but adds something extra that makes the listener uneasy . The music is similar to their first album in that there are heavy songs put together with much lighter toned ones .Though I like the album a lot , it's not one I listen to for pleasure . If you were driving at night and were lost , this would not be the music to have playing .Beacuse a lot of the music is instrumental , the listener can conjure up mental images .It is intense and I recommend you hear it first before buying ."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you are a big SRV fan you'll  be happy to have this.  Is it top quality?  Does it include as many songs/performances as I'd like? No and No.  However, I am thrilled to have this.  Even before he got clean, SRV just knew how to perform each and every time because the music came from deep within him.  I am so glad he sobered up and was able to help others.  He is an inspiration as a musician and a insightful human being.  Glad he lives on despite leaving us in physical form."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I see that the reviewer below hasn't heard the news. Trent has planned on releasing this on DVD. There was some protesting from his ex-manager about it, but now that the battle in court is over, Trent can re-release this. The DVD should be out before too long, so anyone planning on buying this version should wait. It's rumored that the DVD version will include the Broken movie and the videos he's released since the VHS of Closure. Until then, you can watch most of the songs on NIN.com, albeit with crappy quality."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the best Rush album since the early 80's...most diehard Rush fans know that there's really not a bum album in the whole lot besides a couple of their early live albums (which sound like they were, to quote Sublime, \"Too drunk to light the bong, too stoned to write the song\"), and that horrific, thankfully short-lived blunder into rap known as Roll the Bones, but hey, nobody's perfect! This album is definitely one which gets better and better which each hearing, these guys never cease to amaze me with their individual and collective talents!  Power Trios Rule!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Yes, as everyone else says this is not the quaint fairy tale that Dvorak envisioned (and it is sung in sometimes garbled English), but it is an original and terribly moving evocation of a similar story--an unusual, different sort of being (a wood nymph in the original, here a young adolescent) who longs for a perfect, \"normal\" relationship and is left tragically betrayed and alone, if loved very briefly.  The staging is starkly modern and at the same time Victorian (it makes Robert Carsen's Paris production with Fleming look very derivative); the singing is always heartfelt and impressive, although Rusalka (Hannan) has a few weak moments especially in act 2.  The orchestral sound is generally good although the winds are at times strangely wobbly.  But the final effect of this version of a quintessential romantic score is a revelation of deep human meaning that most traditional productions have not touched (including the Met one).  Beautifully filmed."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Here is your only chance to see the great talent of Jeff Buckley, live and in person.  Sadly, he lost his life in a swimming accident, and the world will be diminished, musically, by this tragedy.  However, some of his finest work is captured here.  This concert gives the viewer a chance to see a young talent ply his skills with pure artistry. His guitar is captivating, and his voice is haunting.  Give yourself a musical treat, and pick this DVD up.  The only reason I gave it 4, instead of 5 stars, is because of a digital flaw in the song Lilac Wine.  The program stalls in this song.  I checked on more than one DVD player, and they both manifested the same pause.  Other than that... a great buy!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "All about a young male deer and how the phases of its life parallel the cycle of seasons in the forest. This is a perennial favourite from the genius of the Disney studios.  I've always thought that the beautifully done APRIL SHOWERS sequence - which reveals the forest at its most mysterious and beautiful exemplifies the superb craftmanship which is seen in every frame.  Here the world was introduced to Thumper who, along with Jiminy Cricket, Dumbo and the Seven Dwarfs became a favourite with children everywhere.  Based on the famous story by Felix Salten, this low-keyed and gentlest of all the Disney animated cartoons is a timeless delight for children and adults alike.  The film's total commitment to its portrayal of the seasons and elements of nature set a pattern that Disney would follow years later in his true-life adventure series.  As in all the past Disney cartoon features, colour and music played an important part in helping to create mood and atmosphere. A beautifully done animated gem from 1942."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When a friend casually asked me to pull up the \"I'm So Sick\" video on Flyleaf's Myspace page, I was a bit bored and tired. After a few bars of the opening baseline, I was already interested. Then Lacey screamed \"I Will Break\" and I was instantly excited and considering purchasing the album.In short, Flyleaf's music packs energy, enthusiasm, and an air of honesty (the latter being rare in our overproduced era, especially among younger bands). When my girlfriend, Jen, and I had the opportunity to see Flyleaf perform and spend an hour on their tour bus, we found more of the same love and ambition. These individuals have a genuine desire to spread hope to a hungry generation.This album is heavy enough for when you want to rock, and beautiful enough to accompany meditation or even prayer. Be cautious, however, because some of these songs have been stuck in my head for weeks at a time."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This CD is very well done, and I am very impressed...although, I am somewhat not a fan of this particular style of music, I love how artists are beginning to reach people where they are-Skillet is a perfect example of this....many people a huge fans of this style of music, however, some get tired of only hearing negative, un-christian messages, like myself....I quit listening to todays pop music because of the unclean words, and nasty messages that made my walk with CHrist even more difficult-now I can enjoy the style of music without having to mentally block out the nasty messages"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you can get a hold of this rarity - do. Someday this should be digitalized and remastered on to DVD, but right now we're talking about them ol' VHS tapes. What makes this worth your while (the technically better footage of Janis singin' and tearin' up the joint can be found on the Monterey Pop complete collection, the Festival Express film, and extraordinary appearances with songs and interviews on the Dick Cavett compilation DVD) is some good interview footage, some memorable moments from a European tour, one song ending up with the first several rows of fans dancing on stage with her, and most of all her triumphant return to the Port Arthur, Texas high school reunion to face the prom set that had once persecuted her - Pearl among swine. Enjoy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "KISS EXPOSED is hilariously funny! Gene and Paul give funny interviews throughout, and the videos are awesome! The half-naked girls through the video are expected in a lifestyle like this, and even the reporter gets a little involved at one point!  My favorite videos from it are \"Lick It Up,\" \"Tears are Falling,\" and \"Heaven's On Fire.\" It was interesting seeing the temporary guitar players, Vinnie Vincent and Mark St. John. I was rather disappointed that they hardly focused on Eric Carr and Bruce Kulick. Simmons and Stanley provide almost all the talking in this video, and discuss the band's history as well as crack jokes and do all kinds of things to annoy the camera crew! It love it when Stanley puts Root Beer in his Bran Flakes!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was born in 1977 (around the time they cancelled the tour when Plant's son died), so I never got to see the Zep in concert. So I was pretty excited when I heard that this video was available a while back.But there are a few things that I noticed. Plant sounded like he was losing his voice, the music wasn't always synched with the video, too many &quot;cheesy&quot; (IMO anyway) effects, etc. This couldn't possibly have been the best footage available, could it? As much of a ZepHead as I am, I still cannot call this the best representation of them on film. It isn't, from what I've seen otherwise.Most expensive home movie ever made? Feels like it. I enjoyed the music, but the visual needed more work."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "We did when we bought all those Mariah albums.  I think we deserve better when it comes to Mariah performances on Dvd.  I mean they still haven't released The First Vision on dvd yet I don't think they ever will.  This concert has so much bad editing.  Let her sing one song all the way through at least once.  The only reason I gave this dvd five stars is because of the exclusive music videos.  The Roof and Breakdown are classic.  Swimming with the dolphins was also very cute."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I first heard Brian on Sirius a few years ago, I thought; hey I'd like to hear more.  The guy is sooo funny!  Good grief I laughed so hard!  I have him on my iPod and let some other folks hear his comedy particularly Stupid in School & You too and stuff, his material had one person doing everything they could, to keep from howling on the bus!  I just downloaded his \"All by Myself\" I laughed for almost 40 minutes.  This guy is gifted, funny, imaginative, & clean/family oriented.  I had one person tell me that they wanted to get his material for listening on car trips with their child, because his being clean AND funny was something they could both enjoy.  The guy is awesome. If you like to laugh, you're going to love this. Can't wait for the next CD/download."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "DeaD pREz is as innovative as &quot;Lets Get Free&quot; on &quot;Turn Off The Radio&quot;. For those who dont get it you probably never will. This is the essence of Hip Hop which has never left our thoughts and is on a rise as a voice for generations.They have proven to me that the art of Hip Hop is alive and livin' and breathin'. THIS IS A MIXTAPE I.E. YOU HAVE THE RECYCLED BEATS. In my mind the songs they remade are better than ever. This is a message for us all to recieve on all levels. We all STILL HAVE A LOT TO LEARN SO LETS LEARN FROM/FOR EACH OTHER AND BUILD BETTA YESTERDAYS AND TOMORROWS. pEaCe (s&gt;t&lt;r&gt;i&lt;v&gt;e&lt;)/aZtRo"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "James Taylor performs almost two hours worth of songs at a semi-famous theater in New York City in the late '90s.These are mostly great songs, about every hit song he ever had and more, and his voice is in fine form. The only problem I found was that it got monotonous after awhile. Although likable, Taylor is not exactly an animated performer, nor are his shows. After a half dozen or so tunes they all start sounding similar.  Lately, though, I've seen him on other venues like Eric Clapton''s Crossroads Guitar Festival, and Taylor is very animated!  Guess he's getting spry in his old age!Here, though, he isn't.  He just stands there and sings. This is better just played as background music while you are doing something else. In other words, it's better served as a CD rather than a DVD.But it's an excellent concert as Taylor and his band perform beautifully."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This album is a big improvement over the first Chickenfoot disc. The playing is tighter and seems more inspired. Sammy is singing great and the annoying, recycled cliches that were passing for lyrics on the last CD are less obvious. This band has such potential to make some really memorable music. It is just a shame that they won't call in some old friends to give them some songwriting help. Sammy is the only one in the band that has ever written a lyric and although this is the best stuff he has written in the last decade, that isn't saying that much. I hope that they can pull off releasing another. The 3 best tunes on this disc are: Up Next, Come Closer and Big Foot."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I expect this akin to heresy but I didn't much like this film.  I never saw it as a kid but was certainly put off when I saw the iconic characters in their actual (animated) performances.Peter Pan is a bit of a punk, -- certainly not a role model for any child.Tinkerbell is downright malicious.  The mermaids aren't much better.The positive is that the voice actors do an incredible job.  Truly perfect performances throughout.The negative is that the script itself makes Never-Never Land seem like a dysfunctional playground.  Maybe that's the point, as I've not read the book this is based upon, but it doesn't fit well in my mind of a Disney classic, especially one that formed a major pillar upon which the entire Disney franchise was based upon."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "spoilers.This is a great story of an entire city going crazy with fear over a child killer, played well by Peter Lorre, and in the end, a group of vigilantes tries to dispense justice in their own fashion.It's fascinating to watch the accused insist on his own dark compulsion and claim that he does not remember committing the murders.  Apparently the insanity plea goes back a long way.He even begs to get the police involved so that he can at least get a fair trial, which the criminals were not willing to give him.There is certainly some over-emoting on the part of the actors, but this was quite common in the early days of talkies, when people were still in the habit of exaggerating everything for silent film work.Good stuff!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Having not bought this item I thought it was great. You may not have heard of Led Zeppelin because they are an obscure rock band from the 70's that now with the re-release of this re-release have released a new set of remixed re-releases that might, for the impoverished group, gain them some of the reputation they justly deserve. These tracks are remastered and remixed from the original remasters and remixed again to give a re-re-mastered quality remix, the likes of which you have never heard before. The packaging, which I haven't seen, is very poorly designed with flimsy card-board and undersized T-Shirt."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I first saw Brian Regan on Comedy Central talking about simple things like IHOP and trifocals...absolutely hilarious. This is a very funny disk...especially the name and spelling bee bits. I really like this guy because he doesn't curse and he isn't dirty at all. Comedians these days think they have to be vulgar to be funny. In my opinion, vulgarity isn't funny at all; Profanity in comedy has been rubbed into the ground. It's annoying and a sign of a lack of creativity. Brian Regan is clean, ingenious and hilarious."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Stevie Ray's first appearance was in 1983, along with Tommy Shannon on bass guitar, and Chris Layton on the drums (Double Trouble). There are 3 songs from that show, on this dvd: Pride & Joy, Texas Flood, and Voodoo Chile. Stevie Ray's 2nd appearance was in 1989. This time he had added Reese Wymans on keyboards, to the band Double Trouble (containing Tommy & Chris).I like both appearances, but I like the 1989 appearance the best. The songs include:1.The House is a Rockin' (This is written in large letters, on top of the front doors, at the Hard Rock Cafe in Houston, also they have a big replica of one of his guitars, mounted and revolving on top of the Hard Rock Cafe Houston.)2.Tightrope3.Leave my Girl Alone4.Cold Shot5.Crossfire6.Riviera Paradise7.Tick Tock8.Litte Wing (bonus video, showing legendary blues guitarist, and the manufacturing of guitars).Thanks!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought this video when it first came out in the 80's when I was in high school. At the time, it was the closest thing I could do to actually getting my heros in my house. I had/have all their albums - both the 70's, 80 and now 90's.Other people have talked about what's on it, and if you are a fan, it's a MUST. The only reason why it doesn't get a 5/5 star review is because of the serious lack of extras. Call me spoiled, but why couldn't KISS at least do a audio commentary?! How about bloopers? Anything?! It's just such a disappointment when other bands put out great DVDs that you can tell go the extra mile for their fans (ie: Def Leppard, Sum 41, etc...)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "i remember watching this movie when i was young. if i could refresh my memory, i remember the movie started off with julie and sara getting on their mother's nerves. when they overheard their stressful mother complaining how things are getting too much with her including the twins, the twins misunderstood thinking that she doesn't want them anymore. they then packed up their things and decided to lived with their grandmother. they hopped on some delivery truck and hooked up with bad people along the way. they eventually found their grandma and the bad guys went off to jail. i do remember towards the end the twins, their mother, and the delivery man went on some game show and SUPRISE!!! Bob Saget and Lori Laughlin make a cameo in this movie. gosh, i really do enjoy watching mk & ashley's movies. it seems that all of their movies up until perhaps our lips our sealed were great. everyone should get this film, it's a great christmas film for the whole family to enjoy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Led Zepellin is possibly inch by inch, the most complete, authentic and original rock band in the last sixties and seventies. From the riffs of Jimmy Page, to Bonham's drums. This concert on Madison Garden is not only a historical document but a timeless proof for the new generations who will born about the stature and presence of this heavy band. The ensemble, the original arrangements, the language and score of every one of his pieces will engage. I love from that age Moby Dick in which Bonham will give us a true tour de force, Lemon Song for instance, that was not played. I didn't like Whole lotta ` love , and to my mind Stairway to heaven, Rock& Roll and Moby Dick were the jewels of the crown.An unforgettable spectacle all the way."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a great movie.  I've seen it a ton of times.  And it was amazing how many people showed up to this invent.  I am a big fan of Jimi Hendrix and I loved his version of the Star Spangled Banner.  I liked the Who's performance.  And Richie Havens singing Freedom.  Also Sly and the Family Stone singing I Wanna Take You Higher and Sly doing a little dance.  And Country Joe and the Fish singing that song about the war.  The whole movie is great.  Anybody that hasn't seen it should see it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "At first, I wasn't sure if I really wanted to purchase this movie or not.However, nowI'm really glad that I have. I think I was reluctant because when I saw it the first time as a kid I didn't really understand what the purpose of the movie was. In a way, Bambi is a bit dark for kids. I love Bambi because of the simplicity of the storyline and the beauty of themusic. The music on its own is like another character and really describes what's going on in the movie.This D.V.D. set is wonderful because it goes inside Disney's private vault and it has some excellent games for all ages alike. I even found some of the games a bit more challenging then I would have liked. This is a really good family movie. However, I would suggest that children be a bit older to watchso that they completely understand what is happening in the movie."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Elmo does it again -- steals the show as a dusty but lovable little monster \"Cinderelmo\" who toils with housework while his evil step mom and step brothers get ready for the Princess Birthday Ball.  The music is infectious, the characters all play memorable parts, the guest actors are WONDERFUL in their roles as Fairy Godfather (Oliver Platt), The Evil StepMom (Kathy Najimy) and Princess (Keri Russell).  I play this movie several times per week for our two year old because she just adores watching the scenery and singing along with all the catchy and original songs.  This is a must have for any Elmo Fan!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "As a child, I loved this movie, Olsen twins, and HALLOWEEN. Now that I'm older, I still do! The twins star as Lynn and Kelly. Their parents are about to lose their house. They ask Aunt Agatha for a loan, but because she's an evil witch, she doesn't. During that time, the twins meet a grave digger who tells them about the Moonstone, which gives Agatha her power. Agatha had a nice, sweet twin sister named Sophia, who is trapped in a mirror in the attic. On HALLOWEEN the next day, The twins try to find the witches' gathering, get the Moonstone, and save their sweet aunt by midnight with the help of Mr. N, Oscar the Clown, and the grave digger. If you love the Olsen twins, witches, and HALLOWEEN, you'll love DOUBLE, DOUBLE, TOIL AND TROUBLE!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I already owned Into The Woods and was in awe of Ms. Peters' performance in it, so I purchased this. I was astounded at her performing and vocal ability, and much more astounded when I found out her age (exact words: &quot;but, she's so HOT!&quot;). Except for &quot;We're In The Money&quot;, all the songs and/or performances are wonderful (some of the songs were only made interesting by her rendition). Also, if anyone who heard she will be playing Madame Rose in Gypsy is doubting her ability to play the role, they ought to see her rendition of &quot;Some People&quot; on this video."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "O.K. , O.K. , I'M AN OREGONIAN WHO HAPPENED TO BE AT THE FESTIVAL FOR THE 2nd AND 3rd DAYS........I'M GLAD THEY RELEASED THIS COLLECTION , BUT I HAVE A FEW COMPLAINTS.......DO WE REALLY NEED FAKE BUCKSKIN FRINGE  ?FOR ME , THE BIGGEST OVERSIGHT IS THAT THEY DID NOT INCLUDE \" THE LOST PERFORMANCES,\" A VHS COLLECTION THAT WAS RELEASED IN THE EARLY 90s.......TO MY KNOWLEDGE , THIS HAS NEVER BEEN RELEASED ON DVD AND IS CURRENTLY OUT OF PRINT.....[ ALTHOUGH SOME OF THE PERFORMANCES ARE ON A CD CALLED \"WOODSTOCK DIARY.\"] I ALWAYS FELT THAT THE BEST PERFORMANCE OF THE ENTIRE FESTIVAL WAS CROSBY , STILLS AND NASH DOING MCCARTNEY'S \"BLACKBIRD.\"  THIS IS SADLY MISSING HERE........NOTHING BY THE BAND IS INCLUDED.....I MUST CONFESS THAT IT IS NICE TO SEE THE DEAD AND CREEDENCE LOOKING SO FRESH AND YOUNG........THIS IS WHY I GAVE IT FOUR STARS........"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "At this time, we all should know what a teen movie is.That predictable pink and stupid piece of...art.But, Hey!, i'm not saying all teen movies are bad, but this one it is.High School, Ryan(Shane West) is in love with the most popular girl, called Ashley.Her boyfriend(Chris)is in love with Shane's best friend, Maggie(Marla Sokoloff).So they help each other to get what they want, whatever it takes.The acting is good, specially by Shane West.They all do good the stupid high school kid rol.This movie has some funny moments, like the Titanic parody in the schooll prom.Or the girls locker room, and some more.But what i didn't like was MARLA.She's so bad acting and her character was so stupid, I mean, who is like her in real life.Sorry, didn't mean to offen you.Well, let's wait for the next teen movie and let's see the differences, hope to be better than this one."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a really cute children's movie in this series. It's the next one after an American tail. In this one we find the mouseskewitz heading west taking a train hoping life will be better than in New York. On the way to the train station to head west to Green River Fievel falls off the train. Meanwhile Miss Kitty Tiger's love interest tells Tiger she's heading west as well. Tiger decides he's going to head west to follow them and he falls off the stage. Both Fievel and Tiger wind up in the desert and eventually meet up and the adventure goes on from there. It's an interesting story and it's full of adventure for the little ones. It is defintely worth getting."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Stevie Ray Vaughan was one awesome guitar player and underatted singer. The footage of the two concerts is a joy to watch. The second concert is a little better because it feature the talents of keyboardist, Reese Wynas who is a perfect foil for Stevie.However, this video should be so much longer. It clocks in at a mere 63 minutes and features three songs from one concert, six from another, the closing credits, and video clips of great guitarists with Little Wing playing in the background. All these scene changes are disruptive to the viewer. Also, more songs are needed. Nothing from the Soul to Soul record.Whereas Stevie Ray was a blue ribbon talent, I am sure there are more comprehensive concerts feature this late legend."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am a Childbirth Educator and a Lactation Counselor and I run a postpartum support group in my area.  I bought this DVD for my support group moms to view because a couple of them had extremely fussy babies.  [I used this method with my own baby 5 years ago and remembered it working like Magic!].  Every mom that has borrowed this DVD has said those exact words &#34;It worked like Magic!&#34;.  This DVD is a SERIOUS SANITY SAVER for new parents.  Well worth the money and the time to watch!  I wish we could give copies to every new parent before they leave the maternity ward!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "That Jimmy is slow and uninterested in releasing this on DVD (as well as Tales from Margaritaville) says a lot about how little he cares about his fans.  In fact, most of his earlier albums greatly need remastering, and although he earns millions of dollars a year, he doesn't bother to do anything about this.  It's a shame that most fans don't see this, and Jimmy doesn't either.  Blind worship?As far as the concert goes, it's fairly good.  It does suffer some though from the time period (fluff songs like If the Phone Doesn't Ring It's Me, etc) and low lighting."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "THat is a line from march of the pigs song/ video. THis closure set is the best. It has all the videos that were released from nin's beginning until the release of the downward spiral. It  also has live footage from the self-destruct tour from 1995. The concert kind of blows but the videos are awesome. BUT BEWARE THE VIDEOS ARE EXTREMELY GRAPHIC AND DISTURBING. THEY ARE VIOLENT BUT GOOD. This is only out on VHS right now because trent is dealing with law suits for the release on dvd. Don't wait. It won't come out. BUY THIS NOW!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I Love this DVD Concert,Lots of great songs, some I had NOT heard of before. Audio in 5.1 is quite good BUT would have liked it in DDS coding just that much more,  none the less quite enjoyable. Clear crisp great to watch and here on my 56\" DLP Projection TV & my Bose Life Stiles 35s Home theather system! If you are a fan of John, THIS IS A MUST HAVE! Bill M PS See my Video review of the concert DVD as well as several others on You Tub. Put MrWm2800 in the you tub Search box to bring up this as well as several other DVD concerts!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I might get ripped for this review, but i honestly did not enjoy this DVD at all. I bought it after reading all the reviews on this site. Did not really know JB before so i approached it with an open mind. I don't like his overexaggerated singing much, he seems to try to somewhat copy Marc Bolan (personal opinion) and as for craftsmanship on the instrument he seems adequate at best. The other guys look bored and i got the impression the only time they enjoyed themselves was during the heavier songs like 'kick out the jams'. The only song i liked was the last one 'hallelujah' but even that dragged out too much. A redeeming factor was that i aquired the DVD for a bargain and got almost all my money back when i traded it in at a different shop."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow,,just Wow, purchased this CD yesterday, and was blown away from the start,anyone else detect a lil 70s style in a few songs? as Bu2B and Caravan were already released,every single song after is amazing, and in my opinion, some of the best music Rush has ever recorded, the band is still sounding so awsome, so crisp, and right on the nugget's, i recommend this to any and all Rush fans, Thank You Rush for an unbelievable CD, heres hoping for more in the future....This CD alone should wake up those morons over at Rolling Stone magazine and say Hey!! its time for Rush in the Rock and Roll hall of fame, hands down..."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "There are a couple of good reviews on Amazon about this DVD already, so I'm going to try to keep this short. First off, this is a great DVD (both of them). The footage is terrific- showing many aspects of a Dead concert.But this DVD is more than just conert footage. By the end the viewer can almost feel the temperature of the place, the work and hours that went into building the stage, long hours on the road, and the flat out soul the Dead brought to the fans... and vice versa.I would suggest watching this DVD, the reading Mr. Lesh's book and then watching this again."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I really like this album! The band is very tight. Lots of change ups & tempo changes & some of the heaviest playing i have ever heard rush do. Yes it's a concept album but you can pick any song and just play it. musially i think it is the best album they have ever made. lyrically 2nd best. Under 2112 i would say this is there 2nd best album ever. They are just playing there guts out on this album.It's like there playing while the room is on fire around them. Because of the concept aspect of the album only lyrically it reminds me of 2112. Musically it reminds me of the albums counter parts or snakes & arrows on steroids. Geddy's voice sounds killer on this record & this album show's some of the best music Alex & Neil have ever done together. If you have ever liked just one song rush has done you will like this album."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I Honestly wonder what these 1 star reviewers are smoking?This is by far the best rush album in over 20 years!(My first Rush album was Presto,Which had just come out at the time,A Highly underrated and masterful album,IMHO.)From the opening track\"Caravan\" To the stunningly beautiful\"The garden\",This the RUSH That  I have missed!! The songwriting is fantastic,And hearing geddy playing his old-school rolling basslines again put a smile on my face.Being a bass player myself,I Felt that Geddy was underutilizing his talent on the last 5 albums or so.Is it just me,Or do I hear Shades of \"Signals\" In this album?Hopefully,This isn't Rush's last album,But if it is,They're going out on top.A Much better album than it has any right being from a band 40 years and 20 albums into their career.They lost their fire for a while,But thankfully,They've found it again,And they're back,Amazingly,Better than ever.Long live RUSH!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I will leave a lengthier review to some other ardent Rush fans, though I have loved them since their start! This CD really grows on me and I have listened to it at least 50 times or more! The production and mix is far superior to any of their releases (IMO) since the mid 1980's! I am a huge fan of the classic Rush sound and &#34;A Farewell to Kings&#34; is my favorite Rush recording. But, I have to say, I would have to put &#34;Clockwork Angels&#34; next in in line followed by &#34;2112&#34;. That should say it all!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the BEST THANKSGIVING special around...and I am not just saying that because I am the RANKIN/BASS Historian.  The sound on this VHS is magnificent and it should be on DVD!  I have the original GAS LP Soundtrack on CD.  MAURY LAWS and JULES BASS did a wonderful job with the score.  ELBOW ROOM, sung by TENN. ERNIE FORD was part of the RANKIN/BASS off-Broadway play A MONTH OF SUNDAYS, before it was put to GREAT use in this special!  A GREAT Special!  E-mail me with any questions:  Rickgoldsc@aol.com"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "It is really the politics of mass rock concerts that is on center stage in this film.  The locals on the island are revealed to be completely out of touch right wing nuts.  And large elements of the crowd become organized into left-wing activism against the seemingly inept and exploitive capitalists running the concert.  The whole thing degenerates into a kind of Monty Python skit on early 70s politics -- accompanied by wonderful music.  Not only does this film have performances by great musicians of the era, including Jimi Hendrix (his next to last performance before he died), Miles Davis, the Doors, Joni Mitchell and John Sebastian.  It also has performances from groups who were big at the time but are now largely forgotten such as Ten Years After."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "CHARLOTTE'S WEB is a family oriented and delightful adaptation of E.B. White's children's classic.  A rare venture by the Hanna Barbera team into full length movies, the film benefits from its rich colorizations and cartoon-like drawings.  We meet all the loveable characters:  the runt Wilbur (Henry Gibson), the pig who enlists the spider's aid in avoiding the bacon farm; Charlotte herself (a winsome Debbie Reynolds), a spider who spins words into her web to ensure Wilbur's existence; the ravenous mouse Templeton (Paul Lynde), who becomes Charlotte's aide, in coming up with the right words; and countless others, including a dotty Agnes Moorehead as the triple speaking goose.  The songs by Oscar winning Sherman Brothers (Mary Poppins) are banal and forgettable (with the exception of the lyrical \"Charlotte's Web), but they don't offend the viewer too badly.  All in all, a delightfully entertaining film for the whole family to share."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought this dvd for my 24month old son. I've been potty training him since he was 18m with great success but he had a backslide, having accidents about 4x a week. Now, he grabs himself and says POTTY and runs to the bathroom. Before he was using a potty chair, now he only uses the toilet (I think because he saw Tutter using the toilet). Aside from the potty training he loves the singing and he loves all of the animals on the show. I also recommend Bear in the Big Blue House: Colors and Shapes. These dvd's are so cute my little one watches them every day!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have nothing to add to the reviews of those who have found this a superlative, moving 'gesamtkunstwerk'.  All four soloists are excellent, as is the orchestra and dramatic interpretation of what is, after all, an oratorio.I have just found out that Lorraine Hunt Lieberson died of cancer on July 3, 2006.  A life all too short!  Her performance in this production shows just what was lost with her passing.  This is yet another reason to obtain it and witness for yourselves."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is one of Led Zeppelin's biggest concerts recorded at Madison Square Garden 1973. This DVD takes you through a great concert, showing group memebers at home, and in fantasy settings. Robert Plant really was at the top with his powerful raw vocals as well as Jimmy Page's guitar solo's that just rocked. Bonham's moby dick is just incrediable, and John Paul John's keyboard, and bass playing is smoothe. Their are so many classic tunes on \"The Song Remains The Same\" including Rock N Roll, Black Dog, Since I've Been Loving You, No Quarter, The Song Remains The Same, Dazed And Confused, Stairway To Heaven, Mody Dick, Heartbreaker, and Whole Lotta Love. This is a must have for the MUSIC FAN!! Highly Recomended!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "First, let me start off by saying, I bought this DTS DVD before I even had the surround speakers, and I wouldn't watch it until I got it all set up.  It was worth the wait!  If you like Tina, and even if you don't (this will  change your mind) and you want to see an incredible concert DVD get this!  Tina is amazing.  Her version of Proud Mary rocks, and it is hands down the  best song &amp; dance routine I have ever seen!  Her dancers are  outstanding and have to give their all to keep up with Tina.  It's like Tae  Bo x 10!  Also, her musicians rock the house.  Get it, you'll enjoy it!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A clasically-styled and introverted album, Memory of Trees is a masterpiece of subtlety.  Many of the songs have an endearing shyness to them - soft piano and a lovely, quiet voice.  But within every introvert is an inferno, and Enya lets that fire explode on a couple of songs that absolutely burst with an expected raw power.If you've never heard Enya before, you might want to start with one of her more popularized works, like Watermark, just to play it safe.  But if you're already a fan, then your collection is not complete without this beautiful work of musical art."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I saw Denver in concert in Ireland in April '97.I saw him a couple of times before that in the '90's. It was the last time I would see him in concert sadly. He played solo. It was amazing. I went out and bought this the very next week. Denver is in top form both musicially and vocally, as is his band. There are also some interesting monologues peppered throughout the concert where Denver shares his concerns about the environment and wildlife preservation. A great performance all round.RCA /SONY:If good quality sound and vision footage exists of 1970's ( I'm sure it does!)Denver concerts, please release it for the fans NOW!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was so happy Rush finally came out with another studio release and for good reason. I think this is the best Rush album ever released. I've always loved these guys and went back and listened to some of the earlier stuff just to make sure and for me this is the best. The musicianship is flawless, the songs are very well layered but yet it has a raw sound about it that can't be beat. This is one of those albums that you can listen to over and over and it always gets better. Rush has just dethroned Dream Theater as my favorite band again... lol"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have to admit that I have always had a soft spot for the Powerpuff Girls.  I find the frequently tongue-in-cheek humour to be very witty and like most good cartoons are, this one is thoroughly entertaining for both kids and adults alike.  My favourite Cartoon Network character is actually Dexter's Lab but until they release that on DVD I guess this will have to do as second best.  This DVD has been very well thought out and designed and contains good bonus features as well as 10 great episodes.  Highly recommended for a good laugh!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Enya's richly chorded style has smitten me once again.  A little bit Gregorian, a lot Celtic, combined with a soft, well crafted execution, gives us a CD anyone can enjoy and relax with.  Enya performs all the instruments and vocals on the album.  Her vocal style is willowy and sweet, which blends with the synthesizer and piano accompaniment perfectly.This is great &quot;Hot Tub&quot; or massage music.  If you're not so lucky as to have both a tub and a masseuse available, just try a recliner with a glass of wine.  Enya has given us more great music, still with her unique perspective of flow and rhythm.  Her music remains timeless and fresh years after its release."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Overall the sound and image quality of this DVD is OK but I am still quite disappointed by this release particularly the 4th movement &quot;Ode to Joy&quot;.  This performance is definitely worse than  the one recorded by Karajan in 1970's and may be not as good as that recorded in 1960's.  The tenor and baritone here are extremely weak and it feels like that they are singing serenade instead, which makes Beethoven's 9th symphony lack of strength.  Karajan's 1970's version of this work is the best and I wonder why he did not try to find someone as good as Peter Schreier and Jose van Dam.  Anyway, this release is still worth collecting since it's the only one on DVD.  Not too many choices."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is still one of the best concert films ever made, one that holds up to repeated viewing not only for the quality of the performance but the narrative of the film.  While the fantasy sequences and photographic embellishments may seem kitschy to some, they hold up remarkably well, adding a mythic dimension to the music.This was the film that made me a Led Zeppelin fan, and it's great to have it on Blu-Ray.  The video is astonishingly good for a film of this vintage.  There's grain in some of the outdoor footage, probably due to its having been shot with cheap equipment.  Overall, the colors are bright, vivid and crisp, and the picture is razor-sharp.  The Dolby TrueHD soundtrack will knock your socks off.  Wait till the neighbors are out and crank it up!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Folks...this movie has never looked better...(oh yeah this is a review from someone who has seen it!)...and  its still as crazy/fun/lame/awesome as when I saw  it on  the  big screen a few decades back. It doesn't pretend to be the ultimate Zep show..it was a rough hewn gem (when  they explode on the stage to the strains of Rock N Roll it still gives me goose  bumps) and this presentation is terrific and the bonus stuff on the second disc is classic and to be appreciated by any true Zep fanatic starving for extra concert and interview footage.  There is a reason millions of people tried to get tickets to their upcoming show...THEY ARE LED ZEPPELIN for crying out loud and  this is a great timecapsule at a ridiculously low price..stop complaining and enjoy!!its been a long time ...as the song goes"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "'Closure' was the definitive Nine Inch Nails music video collection.  (It contains all the videos up to 'The Perfect Drug'.)  'Closure' is divided into two video cassettes (unfortunately it has not been reissued on DVD--yet).  The first video is their music video collection; the second, is footage from 'The Downward Spiral' tour.  The videos are arranged in chronological order.  The second video is about 90 minutes long, containing live footage from their tour.  Marilyn Manson and David Bowie appear on the footage.  It's priceless footage for anyone interested in trying to understand the enigmatic mastermind behind Nine Inch Nails, Trent Reznor.  'Closure' is a must-have for any avid Nine Inch Nails fan."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This movie couldn't make up it's mind if it wanted to be a sex comedy  along the lines of AMERICAN PIE or a romantic comedy akin to SHE'S ALL  THAT.  It had the potential to be good whichever way it went, but it never  lived up to it in either one.  The sex jokes were uninspired and the  situations felt awkward and forced.  The romance wasn't really emphasized  and just not done very well, I felt.  Normally, you're rooting for the boy  to get the girl, but, in this film, I didn't really care.  I felt nothing  for the characters; I didn't even find myself rooting against the  &quot;villain&quot;.  Be it the writer's or the director's fault, it was  just very badly done.  The acting was decent and the dialogue was well  written, but the story development just left me feeling flat.  Disappointing."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This hd dvd is just incredable.I remember seeing this as a midnight showing at the local mall theater and thought it was great.Then I got it on hi-fi vhs and thought it wasnt gonna get any better than that.I was wrong.This hd dvd will blow you away.I know the format is going away but if you already have the player just go ahead and buy it.You cant beat the price! The audio sounds just f-ing great and the video looks like it was shot yeasterday.Unreal......and with all the extra concert footage it is a must have for any Led Zeppelin fan or any music fan in general.Buy this now."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Everything is wrong in the disaster as all the charm, sadness and drama of this classic is gone. Charlotte should be a hairy spider with a Lucille LaVerne type voice, not a gorgeous arachnid with Miss Reynold's soothing tones. This is a story of friendship and self-sacrifice which is totally missing. And the tragic death of Charlotte, which is the highlight of the story, is simply glossed over. Along with The Cat in the Hat and The Grinch , Charlotte's Web is one of a trio of worst children's films of all time."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow! After watching all of MJ DVDs, I now know why Michael is the greatest entertainer who ever lived or will ever live. No one even comes close to his level of artistry. And each of these videos is a masterpeice. Childhood, Stranger in Moscow, Smooth Criminal and Earth Song are just astounding. You can watch them again and again and never get tired of them...they're candy for your eyes. You just don't see many vidoes on this caliber. And the MTV video music award performance is unparalleled. Would highly recommend this!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I loved the first Chickenfoot CD.  Loved it a lot. Great CD.  This one is better.  Much better!  The song structure and lyrical composition are both superior.  These are the best, most well constructed lyrics Hagar has even written.  The backing vocals are simply wonderful (VH has got to me missing Mikey).  The rhythem section is way more then solid.  This is simply wonderful, powerful, hard driving rock and roll.  If your fan of rock, there is not a bad song in this collection, front to back, every song is great!  Maybe the worst song is the \"single\" Bigfoot (so if you liked that, you'll LOVE the rest of the CD.  The hidden track \"untitled\" is maybe one of the best among the songs in this collection.  Buy it...you will not be disappointed!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I also have this movie in it's many various incarnations.  The Blu Ray 40th Anniversary, the original VHS and DVD release, as well as the director's cut DVD.  So I go and by this 40th Aniversary DVD for my office (which unfortunately does not have a Blu Ray player) specifically because I wanted the extra performances that are on the other 40th Anniversary discs.  Creedance, Johnny Winter, The Who, Canned Heat, Airplane, etc.  Wrong! Not here. Even the extra documentary footage that's on the other 40th Anniversary release of Wadleigh, Dale Bell, Scorsese and many others speaking on the events surrounding the filming of the movie is not here.  Just some cheesy Story of the Sixties film.  Totally dissapointed.  What really made me angry is that there's no disclaimer stating that there's huge differences between this \"40th Anniversary Edition\" DVD and the others that are available.  I just gave it away."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Different, but outstanding nonetheless.  This is simply great music performed by a legend and a group of excellent musicians.  The versions of old (and not so old) classics are performed in an \"Unplugged\" fashion that enhances the essence of each composition.  I could not have enjoyed this concert more.  However, my only complain is that it was to short (that is why I rated it 4 stars instead of 5).....it seems to be a compilation of songs from a much larger set.  Don't be put by this though, this is a fantastic concert DVD.  The sound is fantastic and the widescreen anamorphic image is detailed and full of color.  I wholeheartedly congratulate the person, or persons that decided to release this DVD in widescreen anamorphic, nowadays, it is the only way to go.  Thank you."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This film is very interesting because it is like having a bird's eye view of such a unique time in the country's history. The film opens with someone from a band called \"Ten Years After,\" the lead singer looking like Kent from Begosian's film \"Talk Radio,\" and the man is strung out on something, repeating over and over again how he is going to \"go home to see his baby.\"  One gets an overpowering sense of how lost these kids were and how badly they wanted to find the answers. Footage of John Sebastian, Santana(young Carlos on guitar) and others gives a great insight into the anti-war madness during Vietnam.  God bless the flower children, because their intentions were good.  Of course, the road to hell is paved with good intentions."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Every so often, I get an urge to rent this movie...and as hard as I try, I can help but nod off during \"Dazed and Confused\". I used to feel ashamed...and then I'd be talking to people and I realized I wasn't alone!There are some truly great moments in this show (\"Since I've Been Loving You\" and \"No Quarter\" among others), but the poor camera work (very choppy and WAY too much time pointed at Plant's crotch), the dream sequences and the more \"mainstream\" song selection make this one a yawn-fest.THANK GOD for the new Zeppelin set! A version of Dazed and Confused recorded when they were still interested in playing it!!Much better than the version here.This one is for avid, die-hards only. If you want quality and more album cuts, get the new one...."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a review of Gloria's 1996 \"Evolution Tour\" Concert DVD. This was the final show of that tour, and it was filmed/recorded in Gloria's hometown of Miami, in the Miami Arena. The DVD I have is a one disc, with 2 active sides.The songs are as follows:Side 1:1.Program Start2.Intro-Instrumental3.Conga4.Live for Loving You5.Get on Your Feet6.Anything for You7.Don't Want to lose you now8.Destiny9.Here We Are10.Rhythm is Gonna Get You (Super Outstanding!!!!)11.Oye Mi Canto (Hear My Voice)12.Steal Your Heart13.Along came you (a Song for Emily - Gloria's daughter)14.Mi Terra15.Con Los Anos Que Me QuedanSide 2:1.Everlasting Love2.Cuts both ways3.I see your smile4.Words get in the way5.Can't stay away from you6.Always tomorrow7.Coming Out of the Dark8.Abriendo Puertas (Opening doors)9.You'll be mine (Party time)10.Turn The Beat Around (AWESOME!!!!!)11.Mega Mix:A.Dr.BeatB.CongaC.Rhythm is gonna get youD.1-2-3E.Get on Your Feet12.Higher13.Tres Deseos (3 wishes)14.ReachThanks, and I hope this information is helpful."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Hello there,it's a real bummer that the Blu Ray Disc release of Led Zeppelin's \"The Song Remains The Same\" is no longer in print(the 2-DVD set that was released at the same time seems also to have been recalled,Wow!,I have that one too),it seems to have been recalled and pulled of shelves for some reason!!! I was lucky enough to find a new/sealed copy at retail store(won't name),I got the last copy,and if you can find one still,it's an awesome Blu Ray title!!! This OOP(out of print) Blu Ray disc is already fetching high dollars on online auction sites such as Ebay!!! This might the rarest Blu Ray title out there!!! The picture and sound quality are awesome for a film of this vintage,and the extras are awesome(it seems have the same extras as the 2-DVD set has)too!!! Two thumbs up!!! Way up!!! A+"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Fritz Lang's M features a young Peter Lorre as a psychotic child murderer on the loose in Germany. His performance is chilling. The rest of the cast is also excellent as they portray various levels of society reacting to the murders and participating in the hunt for a serial killer. Lang uses music and lighting to great effect and the film is gripping from beginning to end. It is in B&W with English subtitles. For lovers of classic films this is a must see. It showcases a master at work in the creation of an atmospheric horror story with minimal technology and special effects.  You can honestly say after watching this \" they don't make them like this anymore\"."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "What a disappointment. This was released as a concert movie back in the seventies, and the sound is worse than any theater you could imagine. The film is grainy, and the extras negligible. Rhino should do us a real service and find either a master negative for a reissue, or get the rights to the ABC special that aired right when the album &quot;Welcome To My Nightmare&quot; was released. It was a long form video years before MTV. Unless you're a diehard Alice Fanatic, take a pass and move to the better &quot;Brutally Live.&quot;"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'm a big Zep fan and I really enjoyed the re-mixed 2 CD set of The Song Remains the Same, which just came out.  This DVD is a new release too....but why isn't it available directly from Amazon?  They ran out??  It just came out, and it is a major release (I thought...). They must want everybody to go for the Blu-Ray or Hi-Def versions.  But what if you don't have the type of player?  What happened to the regular DVD???  Someone straighten me out here...."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a bloated, self-indulgent, boring mess.  When this film came out, I remember thinking that if thisis the great Led Zeppelin, then they are quite overrated.  Some of the songs are way too long, the videosequences are almost laughable and Plant is either having a bad night or is already struggling to be thePlant of a few years earlier.  Get the excellent double DVD \"Led Zeppelin\" instead - way, way better.It not only shows the band at various points in their fairly brief history but does indeed demonstatewhat a terrific group they actually were.  In its wake, \"Song\" is now useless."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A true classic of dragons, fantasy and magic! Together with the animation of the &quot;The Lion, The Witch, and the Wardrobe&quot;, are my all-time favorite animation movies.  As a kid, I would spend endless hours watching it on &quot;betamax&quot; over and over again. Now, watching it on VHS is like taking a ride on a time machine back to my childhood days of dungeons and dragons, knights and wizardy! The story is very exciting with a slight pinch of drama. Children and adults  of all ages will surely love this.  This is not just a so-called cartoon but a very wonderful and beautiful creation of art, fantasy  and magic!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Well, I thought I was a fan of The Shadow radio shows from the 1930's.  I've heard a bunch, and own a bunch, and in this box set here's only two I've heard before--\"Prelude to Terror,\" about a loony who concocts exploding light bulbs and plants them in strategic buildings. [..] then there's \"Reflection of Death,\" about a mirror from Inferno itself--or is it now?  Many of these feature Bill Johnstone as the Shadow, and believe me, he may have been the best of any of the men who played that role.  Each man brought his own flair to the role. the one I like least is kid Orson Welles, who hadn't yet panicked America and made his name forever. When these shows were made, he was still riding by ambulance from show to show--no joke, he did just that.  This is money well spent."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "...but fans won't be punished with this purchase.  Good, solid album.  Has that complex \"evolved\" Rush sound that the band has developed over the last few years.  If you've been catching the last few Rush video programs on cable, DVD, or Blu-Ray you'll know what I mean.  (Think of the \"Far Cry\" live performances.)  It's wonderful, thought-provoking music to which you'll want to listen again, to pick up what you missed the first time.Recommended for all Rush fans: young, old, and to-be.  Delay yourselves no longer."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Watching the fast-paced Irish step-dancing that dominates this performance, you wonder how the dancers can keep from falling over their own feet, extensive practice notwithstanding.  Though there are a few segments that seem out of place (a flamenco dancer, a sequence featuring a black ensemble), most of the video is made up of dance numbers using traditional instruments and footwork from the Emerald Isle.  When I first watched it I was blown away.  I still am.  If you have only *one* dance performance video in your collection, this should be it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Bear and his friends sing and dance to introduce the concept of going to the toilet (or potty).  They tell how to know you need to go, and explain that sometimes there are accidents, but that it is worth it to wear underwear instead of diapers.  There are some real children who talk about how they love going to the toilet.  And a very strange shadow puppet rap showing that people all over the world go to the toilet.  Don't know about results yet, but at least it is an entertaining video."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Honest to God being of the Woodstock generation I had Great expectations from this release, and was very disappointing with the resolution and the editing of this version. I was really looking for something that looked like at least somewhat close to the original theatrical release but this fell very short. The Audio is barely OK and sounds flat (dynamics are lacking in the music)and the added footage does not add much to the film.In addition I would be hard pressed to say it's a Hi Def film. The contrast in many parts is just poor, and no it's not my set. I have a newer set that was rated pretty high, and I have never had this issue in concert films. I guess I would say except on vintage poorly non Hi Def films that were poorly transferred. Over all I can not see anything about this making it look or sound like a newly Remastered Version Hi Def  release, Nothing!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "And even after you've memorized the routines you will listen again and still laugh until it hurts. Brian Regan is hilarious. I can remember about 15 years ago watching him on tv doing his 'watching fishing on tv' routine where he marvels that the shows have a writer: \"What's he have to write, 'Ooh, she's a beauty'.\" I love his material about growing up and especially when he was in school. Maybe my favorite line is about how he waited until the morning of to do his science project, putting dirt in a cup. The teacher then asks him to explain it: \"Well, its a cup . . . wih dirt in it. I call it 'cup of dirt'.\" Listen to Brian tell the story and deliver the line and you'll be hooked."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This was a bit of a disappointment.  The performance was okay and pretty much what I expected but I guess I must have evolved out of liking this sort of music.  It is music; most of what comes out of the pop world today really can't be called music. Diamond performed professionally and sang well enough especially when compared to what the pop world churns out today.  The thrill of live performance was there in spades and that made it worth watching but it's not something I'll watch very often."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I must have seen this movie 20 times at the local theatre. Friday and Saturday nights at midnight they'd play Rock n Roll movies. I have never been able to stay awake through the whole movie. I thought at the time it was because we were staying up past midnight to watch it and we were just to tired to make it to the end. So when I picked up the DVD and brought it home after not seeing it for so many years I thought &quot;I'm finally gonna be able to see this movie from start to finish&quot;. I still fell asleep. This movie has not aged well. I LOVE ZEP. But this movie reminds me too much of Spinal Tap. The dream sequences.........Why are the there? The band looks very bored. They also seem to take this whole 'rock star' persona way to seriously. Spinal Tap was a spoof. This was not and looks like one. Long live Zep...........but you don't need this DVD in your collection."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "(...)She is one of a kind, and this album only enhances her contribution to musical enjoyment. As always, the instrumental opening sets a mood, followed by the lively \"Anywhere Is\", a song which grew on me each time I listened. Each song is exquisite, but for me, \"China Roses\" is the most delicately crafted song. However, \"Once You Had Gold\" which isn't mentioned as much is another of the highpoints. \"On My Way Home\" is a fitting conclusion to the album. I have heard rumors that not everybody likes Enya, and if there is a person who doesn't like her, then he or she shouldn't get this CD, but for everybody else, this is one of the essential CD's for your collection."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "All the reviews I read about this Opera DVD were right - this is a superb DVD in every respect.  I had not heard or seen this opera before and consider this a real gem. There are arias in here that are completely sublime and sung with such meaning and depth by Upshaw and Hunt that they transported me to another realm.  David Daniels is marvelous - one of his first major roles and a foretaste of what was to come as his voice matured.  There are many songs sung by the chorus and they are wonderful musically, and Sellers has choreographed them in a stylized and meaningful way. All in all a fabulous production - no weak singers or actors, and powerful in its modern setting. Buy it!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "My favorite Rush album is Caress of Steel and what that album has that this one lacks is a crisp, crackling bite to the guitar and a clear depth to the drums and bass. Rush seems to have forgotten the importance of negative space, i.e., intervals between the sounds that give these sounds their definition and, I would argue, their power. The songs on the digitally recorded and over-processed Clockwork Angels are buried in a wall of noise and they must fight to be heard like poltergeists trapped in a snowy television set.As you might guess, I don't listen to a whole lot of modern music and have a bias against albums that are mastered with the amount of dynamic compression that is today's industry standard. This bias isn't just an aesthetic preference. I find that dynamically compressed music tires my ears after about ten minutes. Clockwork Angels may well be a significant sonic improvement over recent recordings like Vapor Trails (I wouldn't know) but it's still not enough to make me want to listen to it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When these first were released on VHS in the 80's, they alone almost cost $19, now you get 3 titles in one DVD!There is no 5.1 mix but it is 2.0 stereo.Manzerik made a few Doors videos in the \"Dance on Fire\" title, \"LA Woman\" is a nice piece of art.The collection shows many live performances and video clips, as well as interviews.The 3 films Combined you gives hours of enjoyment.  Until the remaining 3 members sit down for new interviews and create thier own Beatle-like verison of \"Anthology\", this DVD set is very acceptable."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "\"M\" is one of the greatest German films ever made. Hitchcock had deep admiration for it and it is easy to see how this film influenced him as much as it did. The film operates on several different levels: a suspense film about a serial killer of children; a psychological study of a deviant; a stunning directorial work of style; a probing look at free will vs. compulsion. There are many scenes here that are brilliantly framed and filmed. Lang arranges the scenery and the actors for full compositional effect. Peter Lorre gives a great performance as the deviant. The ending frame is of a hand descending from above on Peter Lorre as if saying that perfect justice is only possible with God. This is a film full of intelligence and skill. It shouldn't be missed."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The newest release from that trio up north is probably their best since \"Snakes and Arrows\". And yes, I know, \"Snakes and Arrows\" was their last studio release. My point is everything they make is great. Rush has such a unique sound that also appeals to a broad range of fans. I have been a fan since their release of 2112 and I have every album they have made except for a couple of their live releases. If you don't have this one yet, Rush out and get it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have been looking for this movie for years and years and could not remember details about it nor the name of it. Found it and WOW it's great. The book is awesome too, however the book is a mock text book about dragons and how they function, live, fly, etc, where as the movie is the story of the guy who wrote the book and how he met dragons, learned about them, and gained the knowledge to write the book. Lets not forget to mention James Earl Jones is a voice in the film. ;)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I remember buying this soundtrack in the '90s, before I saw the movie, and loved how weird it was. There were a few songs that weren't composed by Goldsmith, and then there was the bit with Alec Baldwin as the Shadow. \"Original Sin\" is an awesome song; I listened to it so much back then. And Goldsmith's themes are memorable. I doubt you could hum it to someone and have them know where it's from, but I still think it's great and works perfectly with the movie. One of Jerry's best '90s efforts, most definitely."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Chris Rea is a musician's musician - in other words, musicians recognize him for much more than a few hit songs and a tasty slide guitar. He has the heart of an artist and something even more important - INTEGRITY. I have just received \"Blue Guitars\" and have barely had time to listen to but a few tracks. I began by watching the DVD which only whetted my appetite to immerse myself, over time, in the whole project. What is immediately apparent is that Rea has not shirked his responsibility to be true to his own musical vision and also to the expectation of his fans who have come to expect exemplarary musicianship as well as audio excellence. A sample if somewhat cursory listening has confirmed my suspicions. \"Blue Guitars\" is a work of mammoth proportions and emotional depth. I fully intend to update this review over time as I am sure this is a journey that is going to take a while."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This was a really terrific film.  I wish they could've made a series of films like this to capture the entire festival, but this comes as close as we've got I guess.  As it was, I felt transported and when it was over, I was sad to leave it.  Really glad I got the director's cut!  This is a great historical document that captures not only the music (though I wish there were more), but the climate (political and natural) surrounding the festival as well.  Whether you were there or wish you could have been, this is a great trip!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Here is a great DVD for fans of The Doors!!! \"The Doors Collector's Edition\" conatins 3 awesome programs \"Dance On Fire\",\"The Soft Parade\" and \"Live at The Hollywood Bowl\"!!! Essential veiwing for Doors fans!!! Great extras too!!! Great picture and sound!!! Audio Commmentary by the surviving Doors members is also included on the three programs!!! Forget Oliver Stones film,THIS IS THE REAL DOORS!!! Classic stuff indeed!!! Two thumbs up!!! Five stars!!! A+"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I like to watch this dvd whenever I need to be &quot;free&quot; from any hard work. Charlotte has a beautiful and soothing voice, a gift from heaven. I like whole tracks especially &quot;Danny boy&quot;, &quot;When at  night I go to sleep&quot;, and an aria from &quot;Carmina Burana&quot;.My complaints about this dvd are that the running time is too short with  just 11 songs and the subtitles especially translated into English are not  provided.Anyway, this dvd is definitely worth getting if you like  classical or soothing or inspirational music."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "First off to answer the important questions.YES, its a great remaster job by Warners...the film looks sparkling!NO, Ann-Margret for some crazy reason isn't interviewed in the 20 minute featurette about KINGDOM Elvis in Las Vegas.  Who knows why...maybe she wanted more than they would pay or was touring during the production window but its a bad blow to the package...still for its price its a great value. I should ad that I have an IMPORT 2 DVD set of the movie TOMMY and she is all over that one with interviews etc...you would think she'd be proud to be on this?the 24 Page book that comes with it is nice added value as well."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Michael Jackson is incredible. His energy and magic of dance is amazing. This collection of Videos on this DVD is some of the best. This DVD includes some of the most intricate videos ever as well as the longest. Very well done.Technically they are flawless and interesting. If you are Michael fan - you'll love this. If you are not - getting this CD will let you see the creative talent of him, his producers, writers and directors have been.Children will love the visuals and adults should get the messages. This is a fun DVD for everyone to watch and enjoy at home. I just wish it had commentary by him making these videos. That would have been the best ever!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This feature length adventure has Scooby, Shaggy, Daphne, Freddie, and Velma investigating a haunted isle deep in a Louisiana bayou.  Laughs and Scares in equal measure as the Mystery Inc. crew finally come across ghosts who aren't just crooks in masks!Scooby and Shaggy get their fill of Cajun cooking and of course there are the required chase scenes.  But it's not just zombies the gang has to worry about...A fun Scooby Doo adventure that's a great addition to any fan's home video collection(Warning: this might be a little too intense for really young children so parents who are concerend about such things ought to view this film first)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The trouble with this bleakly modern staging of Don Giovanni isn't that it fails but that it works all too well. Instead of the Faustian Giovanni of traditional productions, whose defiance is so appealing that one almost wishes him a better fate, Gilles Cachemaille portrays a sex-crazed psychopath who unquestionably deserves the psychological hell he's created for himself. Instead of the stock commedia Donna Elvira, we get a hopeless co-dependent. The cocky survivor Leoporello, traditionally a double of Figaro but less lucky in his master, becomes a self-hating neurotic with just a hint of masochistic homoeroticism. Don Ottavio, traditionally a satiric role, in the Glyndebourne production becomes the most stable character, the \"therapist\" for Donna Anna. And so on. All the roles are well conceived in this dark, Bergmanesque psychodrama. It's a good piece of theater!Oh, but what about the music? Unfortunately, it's not well-suited to the action, and perhaps should be replaced."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Disclosure: I'm one of those Rush fans that has enjoyed all of their albums, even the lighter, almost jazz-like offerings. I've enjoyed dropping the needle on each new album wondering what it would sound like.That said, most of us long-time Rush fans became fans around (if not exactly) \"2112.\" Those earlier albums defined the \"Rush sound\" that polarized music fans. For those of us who loved it, we fell hard. We ate up \"Farwell to Kings\", \"Permanent Waves\", \"2112\", and even \"Caress of Steel\" (which polarizes even Rush fans).\"Clockwork Angel\" is a return to those earlier albums. This album flat out rocks! If fact, most of these tracks would not be out of place in the Thrash Metal category. For me, it belongs square in the classic \"Rush Sound\" Prog-Rock category.Grade: A"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I got the Flyleaf EP and after hearing that I wanted to get the CD. The songs are changed a lot from EP, but still good. At first they sounded worse since they had lot of added effects or such to the song. After getting use to them I ended up preferring the versions on this cd, but still would recommend for people who liked this cd (I would recommend even more if you sorta liked band) to get EP since it has different sound. The lyrics change a lot between some EP and normal versions off the songs, mainly I'm So Sick. The acoustics also change lyrics a bit, mainly Cassie. it's a good CD with lot of nice sounds, but many have a religious reference (some very directly)."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought several meditation CD's from Amazon but \"Goodbye Worries\" is by far the best.There are 4 different sessions on this CD, so it is kind of like getting 4 for the price of 1.  One of the other CD's I bought claimed to be a \"half-hour of peace\" but when you take away the introduction and the music at the end, it was only 15 minutes.There are currently 30 reviews for this posted and all of them give it 5 stars.  This is the best $10  I have ever spent.  Buy this CD.  You will not regret it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "this is the Rush band I fell in love with in the late 70's / early 80's! this is the why they are such a great band! trust me, if you love the old hard hitting, well written Rush (like the Moving Pictures days), then buy this album! I haven' like anything they put out the past 10 years or so (+/-), but this album rocks! musically at the top of their game with this album! holy cow, I downloaded the MP3 album expecting typical crappy Rush, but was I pleasantly surprised!! hell, it reminds me of Dream Theater somewhat! Prog-Rock at it's finest right here! if you liked Rush back in their day, then you'll love this album!! buy it now, you won't be disappointed!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "\"M\" was a pioneering effort when Fritz Lang directed it, a lifetime ago, and it's still well worth watching. But 72 years later, it's lost a bit of its edge. Peter Lorre was primarily a stage actor at the time he appeared in \"M\" and by today's standards  his performance in the famous \"underground trial\" scene verges on scenery-chewing. And while the print used to produce Criterion Collection DVD is mostly clear, the subtitles [are bad] ... sentences are broken in odd places, and often several characters' lines appear all together, before an exchange is half over.  If you've never seen this movie, and you have any serious interest in the development of the art form, you definitely ought to see it. But don't expect edge-of-your-seat tension throughout!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow, this is a concert experience unlike any other.  I am a die hard Jeff fan, and still to this day think Grace is one of the best albums ever made.  This concert, even if you dont know Jeff, is an experience within itself.  There are even more beautiful haunting dark vocal slides on this album, and if you thought that the album version of Hallelujiah was great, try this one!  I reccomend this DVD to anyone- words can not express how great it is.  I was disappointed though that the DVD didnt get that great of treatment- although it has some bonus stuff it doesnt have any booklet insert or anything.  otherwise its a great buy!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Can it get any better than this?  \"I submit that it CANNOT!\"  This guy is so hilarious.  My husband and I got this CD after cracking up at his stand up on Comedy Central.  Brian Regan is one of those comedians you love to see in clubs.  You leave reciting some of his stuff and begin to laugh with yourself just thinking about it.  Everything is clean and nonoffensive as someone else said, but to be honest, I didn't really think about that until reading their review.  But it's true, very much like Bill Cosby Himself.  Love it!  The only downside is with it being a CD, you can't see his facial expressions, which if you have seen him on TV, you know what I mean :)  I wish there was more of his stuff available."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When someone asks &quot;what is your favorite Disney movie&quot; I usually reply, &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; or &quot;The Lion King&quot;, as do most people. There is one Disney movie, which almost everyone loves, yet always seems to forget, &quot;Peter Pan&quot;. This is one of Disney's most wonderfully brilliant and magical movies ever. It combines the joy of childhood with the seriousness of growing up. I remember watching it so often that I wore out my video. Anyone of any age can enjoy this film...and will."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "my man, Norman, turned me on to the Dead. we have this movie and it is sooooo cool! if you are a fan, you must have it!Jerry produced this and made it, hired cameramen etc. and did it. shows back stage stuff, set up, the concerts, the hippies and fans in the crowd. experience a Dead concert - watch this movie - 'cause you sure can't go see the Dead in concert like this anymore. (Jerry is gone, sniff)a real cool experience - for sure. Dead-heads - buy it. curious? buy it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This film is the kind of film that best documents Jimi during the 60s era, along with him at Woodstock. Rare footage of Jimi at the Picadilly Circus in England gives this film, to me, great value. The introductionof the  show, started by Bill Grahmn, introducing Brian Jones, introducing the Jimi  Hendrix Experience-is unpresented. The entire set was filmed at good  angles, instead of just closeups and jerky movements. Even Jimi's stage  comments were filmed, completely. Even when &quot;Wild Thing&quot; was  played, different angles, in comparison to &quot;Monterey Pop&quot; were  viewed. You just have to buy and see this film, to see and hear those  details and highlights. Like I said, highly unpresedented. A definite  collector's item as well."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "James Taylor at his best. Although this concert is shot in a 4:3 aspect ratio, it is crystal clear.  The audio has a Dolby Digital 5.1 option which sounds great.  This has always been a favorite album to test a system with.  New Blu ray audio and video technology notwithstanding, a good system will enhance this and other older DVD's.  The editing is also top notch with quick cuts minimized. The back-up singers almost steal the show, but James is in good humor and fine voice. Taylor has been, and always will be one of my favorite singers, able to span generations and song styles. A great concert that sounds great too."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've been a fan of Gloria Estefan for years and have purchased and enjoyed many of her audio CDs.  This is the first DVD I have purchased and it is truly disappointing.  The music was wonderful, but the productions were terrible.  To me it took on the look of one big strobe light!  There were so many flashing lights in the backgrounds, foregrounds, above, below, from helicopters that most of the images were washed out and appeared overexposed and ghost-like.  Certainly not flattering to someone as attractive as Gloria.  Too bad, but this one is going to be discarded.  If you're over the age of 15 and appreciate good entertainment, then you're wasting your time with this DVD."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Probably the greatest commercial animated film done by Walt Disney's amazing crew of animators in the &#34;glory&#34; years.  It is an amazing piece of work.  Some of the material the studio did for the military during WWII might rival it for animation prowess, but not for sheer storytelling on the commercial level.  It is simply great.  It was Walt's favorite and he agonized over Bambi's mom.  This is one they sure as hell don't make anymore.  I wonder how it would look if Pixar took a crack at it?"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Welcome to my nightmare is a dream of a concert. Rarely does the Alice Cooper character show such emotion than the violence he portrays. Yet only women bleeds he shows his guilt and sorrow that he could treat this woman so bad. My heart actually went out to this character. Vincent Alice Cooper really showed what a great actor he really is in this concert a genius. So buy this welcome to my nightmare concert and realize what a dream to own it. The split screan technolngy will really blow your mind to.But don't take my word for it. Buy it yourselves and experience the dream yourself."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "While Jackson's ego as the &quot;King of Pop&quot; has folded over recent years, his legacy lives in this compilation of his videos and performances. With the advent of DVD, Jackson's fans will get to see and hear the great  quality of his performances and music finally. Two videos on this  compilation are worth seeing. The first, &quot;Liberian Girl,&quot; is a  beautiful ballad, and the celebrity-filled video is one of Jacko's rarely  seen videos. The other, &quot;Scream,&quot; which was the most expensive  video ever made has Michael and his sister, Janet, in a futuristic  spaceship setting, that was beautifully directed by Music Video guru Mark  Romanek (Madonna's &quot;Bedtime Story&quot; was also his work). Forget the  scandals and his wierd habits, and buy this coolection."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "My local Wal-mart put Clockwork Angels out a week before they should have. I have listened to it numerous times since. I am a Rush ADDICT, with track marks to prove it - i swear!  I have never felt such emotion, beauty and grace in any of their previous works as I did with Clockwork Angels. I believe this will be a hallmark event for Rush and will be much deserved. To me, this is their pinnacle album, and sadly could be there last. Rush has achieved the perfect album! The Songs are complex, but each one has a melodic hook that stays with you. It makes you smile, cry and ponder. What an investment for a mere $12.00! Thanks Geddy, Alex and Neil- and most of all thanks to their producer, Nick, who helped push them to achieve new heights.  This album was made  for Rush fans, no one else! They Stood and Delivered!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "One of the most beautiful records ever made. The \"Master Edition\" sound quality lets you truly hear the heartrending tone of these tenor giants. Beyond jazz, this will move anyone with a pulse. After seven tracks that leave you emotionally stunned, where you kept turning it up to savor every nuance of tone and feeling, you suddenly get the sound of a recording engineer barking into a mike! The fools just had to fill some unused CD real estate and mar one of the most beautiful records ever made with some let's look behind the curtain \"Blues for Yolanda\" outtakes! Why not use \"Maria\" and \"Cocktails for Two\", tracks from the same session I've found on other compilations? So be ready to shut down your CD player after \"Shine On Harvest Moon\". Grafitti on the Mona Lisa, fercrysakes."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I just received JOHN DENVER - THE WILDLIFE CONCERT (DVD) from AMAZON.COM. My wife and I turned the lights down, cranked up the Bose surround speakers, and were enraptured for the entire duration of that outstanding performance. This was John at his very best. The concert was performed in front of a small audience in a cozy setting, and we felt every bit a part of that audience. If you're a John Denver fan, I don't believe you can go wrong with this excellent DVD. As it says on the package: the video is crystal-clear, as is the CD quality sound. My only regret is that he is no longer with us."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This was one of the most enjoyable concerts (other than \"live\" shows I attended) I had ever seen John do... he was himself, he was in top form, he still captivated the viewer and entertained with such ease...John Denver is an American Classic -- and is missed a great deal.Thank you, John - for all you did, all you tried to do and all that you were.  You will remain with me as a beacon of hope and will shine on forever....~~~~~\"Though the singer is silent, there still is the truth of the song\" -- John Denver"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Derek Sherinian's latest \"Blood Of The Snake\" is an extremely enjoyable listen if you like guitar, keyboards, drums and bass. I am a huge fan of drummer Simon Phillips and I'm continuously amazed that after decades of playing with all the best musicians he still plays with such amazing punch and energy. He is an excellent jazz drummer and a powerful and complex rock drummer. My favorite track is \"Man With No Name\" where Zakk Wylde displays intense guitar work. I also enjoyed hearing Derek and John Petrucci perform together on the first track - man! that track rocks ferosciously! The entire CD is top-notch performances by everyone involved. Maybe not as great as \"Mythology\" which I consider to be his best work, but every bit well-worth owning and listening to. Enjoy the best!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I recently went rug shopping for my new house.  I got bored and let my mom and aunt do the rest.  So I went to the movie corner and other than this, was not able to find any thing that wasn't disney, wee sing, or barney.  But this was the top.  It was full of songs, animation, and music, which held interest not only of children, but of adults as well.  I'm nineteen years old and discovered it when I was 4.Charlotte was spoken by Debbie Reynolds.  She played Cathy in &quot;Singing in the Rain.&quot;  I began to wish Debbie was in the room with me.  I want to meet her someday.I hope that Paramount pictures decides to do a drama re-make of it like they did of Stuart Little.Enjoy!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Just from the title you can tell this is going to be a little different from your average Rock & Roll excursion. And different it is. Is this even Rock? Well whatever it is, I like it. This is probably my favorite KC album, although \"In the Court\" and \"Starless and Bible Black\" are barking at its heels. I don't think words can convey the sound of this album so you'll just have to listen to it, but be forewarned, it is not for everybody. If you tend to like the Top 40 stuff off the radio you may want to take a pass on this one. If you tend to be a bit more adventurous might I suggest a darkened room, an easy chair, and the volume cranked rather high. Herbal supplements are optional."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Until a DVD is released with footage from the Randy Rhodes era I could care less about ANYTHING else that's released on OZZY. There may be a good song here and there (& not to bash Zack, Jake E. & whoever else) but to me Ozzy without Randy is irrelevant. This, of course, excludes Sabbath. I have a VHS of the \"After Hours show\", excellent video but only mono sound, so I would LOVE a professional 5.1 or 6.1 release of it. I also have several bootleg concert VHSs and in at least one of them (Japan - Budokan I think) professional cameras can be seen. So the footage is out there.Ozzy...what's the problem??"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Have they separated the \"dream sequences\" from the middle of the songs?If they did, this will become one of the greatest concert films ever.If not, toss it in the trash can as some of the most embarrassing, boring statements ever.#1 kick A$$ band of all times.Having seen Zeppelin in the 70's more then a few times.Also going to see this when it first came out and watching people walk out in groups.Let you all know the original generation of fans were not pleased.Don't let the retrospective pushers make you believe this was the real deal.Even during the \"midnight\" showings in the theaters. Most went outside to have a beer, or smoke a joint.Or stay inside and sleep.After all it is Led Zeppelin, and it's true their worst was still better then most everybody else's best.Get the Zeppelin DVD if you want something close to the real deal."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I heard this album in its entirety for the first time at my brother's Fourth of July party this year.  This album is another turn in a different direction for Rush.  This band keeps evolving musically seemingly with each album they put out, and Clockwork Angels is no exception.  Even in their late fifties and early sixties, Geddy Lee, Alex Lifeson, and Neil Peart keep on evolving and most important of all, keep on rocking.So far, this is a 4-star album, but I say \"so far\" because it seems that so many Rush albums grow on me over time.  Eventually I end up raising my rating of the album.  We'll see if it happens again with Clockwork Angels.I definitely plan to purchase this album soon, as I have all the Rush albums and want to add this to my collection."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Let me start off by saying this album is absolutley amazing!!!! There are no fillers here. Every single song could be released as a single! I highly recommend this album to all lovers of Christian rock. This album defintley ties with there 2004 album \"Collide\" for there best album yet. Skillet is really the best christian rock band out there hands down! From the very moment you hear the first track and single \"Rebirthing,\" you'll be left absolutley speechless and amazed at how wonderful and breathtaking it is.  It will suddenly make a christian remember the first time they accepted Jesus Christ into there life as Lord and Savior, and became a new creation and are now living for love just as he did.So please do yourself a favor and buy this now! You won't be disappointed by any means!! Skillet continues to deliver great awesome Christian rock tunes with each album and this album continues that. BUY NOW!!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Since I became a fan of Alice in Chains shortly AFTER Layne had died I was pretty much screwed in hearing or even seeing him perform. But after I spotted this sweet DVD hiding in a music store I just couldn't resist buying this to see Alice in Chains acoustic. Oh sure it might not have any power but by making there songs acoustic I could feel the powerful emotions running from this concert. Starting from Nutshell all the way to Killer is Me. There were some songs that were great but the way I see it is the exceptional ones are Brother, Would, Rooster, Sludge Factory and Frogs. Especially Would? because when I saw and heard this song I was remembering how strong he used to be and I saw him struggling...Overall this CD is AWESOME"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Welcome to KC, Mr. Bruford and Mr. Muir! The sometimes harsh percussion excursions on this album make for a truly unique experience. This album stands alone in the entire catalogue of KC material. Nowhere else is the use of percussion so thouroughly investigated than on &quot;Larks' Tongues in Aspic.&quot; From the maddening shifts in ferocity in the title track to the Pink Floyd-ish &quot;Easy Money&quot;, the two percussionists take center stage. I truly wish that Jamie Muir would've stayed on just a bit longer with KC; the material on &quot;Red&quot; and &quot;Starless and Bible Black&quot; seem eerily empty without his presence. Later in KC's exitence, when Pat Mostello joined the soon to depart Bill Bruford on drums (the &quot;Thrak&quot; LP), it seemed that indeed the members themselves yearned for the tight percussives of &quot;LTIA.&quot; The effort was too little, too late.Regardless, this album is possibly one of the best of the KC output. It is a must have."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is E.B. White's classic and timeless children's story in animation and music.  Charlotte the Spider (Debbie Reynolds voice) teaches Wilbur the Pig (Henry Gibson's voice) about life, and Templeton the Rat (Paul Lynde's voice)all join in the barnyard fun for lessons in friendship, trust, and love.  A marvelous film for the entire family.  It's a throwback to another age, this movie, and we all can learn something from a more quieter life, although in animation, it seems like the animals are just like us.  Or is it the other way around.  In any event, it's a fun film."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "My daughter doesn't watch much television, and when she does it is usually Dora, Miffy or Blue's Clues on Noggin.  So, I didn't know if she would be interested in this Elmo DVD when she got it for her first birthday.  But now I know that regardless of the main character, babies and doggies are a sure winner.  Watching the little kids play with the babies is my favorite part, and it really gets my daughter's attention.  All in all I do recommend this DVD.  It shows alot, but isn't too fast paced.  Also, there are some very adorbale scenes.  But by the time the farm segment starts my daughter has usually lost interest."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought it on ebay auction and have watched it like four times in the last few days. the second disc is incredible too! i think the songs on the bonus disc are even better than the ones from the original movie! the second disc also has a couple of neat documentaries you may dig. this dvd was rare and overpriced for awhile. looks like price has recently dropped (copies selling at a little over $10)so if you love g.d. and you don't already have it, get it! BTW, why are there so many Donna Godchaux haters out there? She's not the prettiest bird, but she's definitely a sexy lady!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "As a life-long TP fan, with reservations regarding some of the slightly obvious material, I bought this video when it came out.  Then lost it so some git who borrowed it and didn't return it.  Hard to get another copy in the UK, but it seems it is still around in the States.  It's kind of curious to watch a concert which occured before half the material played live these days was written - pre Wilburys, pre Full Moon Fever, pre Wildflowers.  Consequently it's a concert that Stan Lynch would presumably have approved of - Tp &amp; The H at their goodtime jangling finest.  It's as good as I remembered it, and my memory of it is the reason I've spent the last 10 years looking out for a new copy. Either it's very good or I'm an anorak.  Take your pick...."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This album is a true and essential document that draws with absolute honesty the artistic path of this unforgettable ensamble. The work of edition is extremely intersting due includes some poems of Morrison that work out as introduction for the late song. You will watch to Morrison in high spirits more than once.The DVD is a compilation of several concerts, but also offers you interesting interviews where you can test the real approach of the whole band and evry one of his musicans. Robby Krieger, Ray Manzarek and Jim Morrison were basically the soul of this band.Interesting album that must be preserved for the future generations.Maybe I would have wished a deserved farewell to Morrison in his grave in Paris, but I guess sooner or later, this hearfelt rendition will be made."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Version: U.S.A / Region A, B, CAspect ratio: 2.40:1VC-1 BD-25 / AACS / Advanced Profile 3Running time: 1:24:54Feature size: 16,74 GBDisc size: 17,95 GBAverage video bit rate: 20.42 MbpsDolby TrueHD Audio  English  1455 kbps  5.1 / 48 kHz / 1455 kbps / 16-bit (AC3 Core: 5.1 / 48 kHz / 640 kbps)Dolby Digital Audio  English  640 kbps  5.1 / 48 kHz / 640 kbpsDolby Digital Audio  English  192 kbps  1.0 / 48 kHz / 192 kbpsDolby Digital Audio  English  192 kbps  1.0 / 48 kHz / 192 kbpsDolby Digital Audio  French  192 kbps  1.0 / 48 kHz / 192 kbpsSubtitles: English / English SDH / French / SpanishNumber of chapters: 24#Audio commentary#Kingdom: Elvis in Vegas - Featurette (20 min)#Theatrical trailer"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "With so many versions of Vivaldi's Four Seasons, and after listening them so many times, I asked myself if it's something I still don't know or heard. This version gave me the answer. Compared with this version, the  others seem weak, superflous, ambiance music to entertain bored monarchs.  With Karajan and Ann-Sophie Mutter, Vivaldi regains power, character and  now is music to be listened with attention to all the interesting details  that make this version the best one I ever heard. Listen (and see) the  violas in Summer's 3rd, the powerful bass in Autum 3rd while Karajan,  sitting by an extra cembalo, improvises some chords. A must-have for all  music lovers."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I started my Enya collection with The Celts, and quickly added Shepherd Moons and Watermark, and I really liked those.A few years later I got The Memory of Trees, and I was disappointed.  Although there were some good pieces on this, it really wasn't as good as those first three.  It seems that this just lacks originality.That might seem a bit unfair, because 'lack of originality' may be attributed primarily to my familiarity with Enya's music, so that anything she does is going to start sounding just like her previous work.  However, some of the selections on this release seemed weak.Another way of putting this is that this release was too commercial.  It just appeared to have been cranked out for the money."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "My daughter loves Bear, and especially Tutter. So when we saw this video we though this would be a great way to introduce potty training to her.She watched the video a couple of times, but it did not interest her. She always seemed to be distracted. I like the idea that the video shows kids that this is a normal everyday thing.While this video has not been the perfect tool for us, I would not discourage others from buying it. We have found our daughter prefers to read and that she enjoys reading the book \"Potty Time\" while sitting on her potty."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I didn't see Bambi in the theaters until I was in college and I remember being blown away by the animation in it.  This restoration has renewed my admiration for the animators who worked on this film.  The animation looks almost 3-D in it's use of the multiplane camera technique.  The colors are brilliant and the soundtrack is even more glorious than I remembered.  Yes, there are a few slow parts to the film, but scene of Bambi on the ice is hilarious and the excitement of the forest fire and Bambi and his father's escape from it will keep you riveted to the screen. One very curious thing I noticed in the extras disc, the film was originally marketed as a love story. Anyway, the extras keep you interested in the techniques used to draw the film and how it was restored.  A must have for any family, or kid at heart like me."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "No, really. Signals was about technology throughout and this one is about life's journeys. Signals has always been my favorite album by cohesiveness alone but this one is now second. I loved Vapor Trails for the first few years of it but I finally agreed that it had sound issues. Snakes and Arrows, I tried to like it and thought I really did but now, Clockwork Angels has surpassed both by miles. The sound is back and the songwriting and the essence of Rush is back. Everything a Rush album should be, this one takes the cake. They even surprised everybody with several great ballads. Honestly, the only ones I skip(not because they are not good songs but because of the sound)are Caravan and BU2B. Too harsh sounding, IMO. They corrected that with the balanced sound of \"Clockwork angels\" the song. And the rest of the songs flow perfectly after that.Rush has done it right this time, again."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "BAMBI is one of my favorite animated films produced from Walt Disney's creative genius. However, this DVD presentation of BAMBI somehow does not look true to Walt's original vision. The colors look over-enhanced and seem to alter the intention of the original filmmakers. My VHS and Laserdisc copies look much better than this DVD. You can see the original brush strokes if you look hard enough at those copies. Digital restoration seems to be getting to the point where restoration is now becoming recreation. There was a subdued natural look to the original BAMBI. This DVD looks too vibrant to the point where the colors seem to bleed into each other and become a distraction. Some of the innovations like the multiple plane shoots seem to lose their effectiveness. BAMBI is still an outstanding film exploring such themes as love, loss, coming of age and responsibility. These themes are artistically and dramatically represented here and they remain timeless."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This CD is absolutley FANTASTIC!!! How can this woman do this over and over again?!?!?!?  This CD is relaxing, and I think the songs found this CD are like the day's intervals of a person's daily activities.  The song \"The Memory of Trees\" is like the arousal of a person from sleep, and greeting the morning sun or the welcoming of a spring rain.  The song sings of itself: a tree's memory of its youth.  Not ... only [do I]REALLY enjoy THIS song,  but I also enjoy the songs of \"Pax Deorum\", \"Althair Ar Neamh\", \"China Roses\", \"Hope Has a Place\", \"Tea House Moon\", and \"On My Way Home\".  This CD is absolutely relaxing, serene, and caliming to the tempestuous spirit.  I fall asleep with having visions as I am listening to this CD."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "It's Rush, it's brilliant. No more needs to be said-Except for one thing-For some reason, my copy is in a jewel case and not the digipak that every other copy of this album I've seen has been packaged in. You say, &#34;So what?&#34; Well, to a geek like me, that makes it some kind of &#34;One of a kind&#34; thingy. Is it a bootleg? I don't believe so-So, nanapoopoo stick your head in doodoo, mine is in a jewel case."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The best meditation cd money can buy. Also indispensible mood music for writing, painting, blissing out, anything really except driving. My 11-year old son used to be disturbed by the quiet power of this music, now he loves reading to it. I often throw &quot;Doje Ling&quot; into the cd player when I've got a heavy day of deadlines before me. Works wonders. For those curious about meditation books, pick up, &quot;Meditation Made Easy&quot; by Lorin Roche. That and his and Camille Maurine's, &quot;Meditation Secrets for Women&quot; are the two absolute best books out there and complement &quot;Dorje Ling&quot; perfectly."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "There were so many songs on this that I'd never heard. John looks a little older but sweeter too. I just loved it all the way through. To me, he was a true genius at song writing. And, bless his heart, you could understand every word he said. Not like the noise they call music now where you have no idea what they are saying.  He was a national treasure and died too young. I am so glad that I was able to see him in concert in Fort Worth,Texas many years ago, probably in the mid 80s. It was wonderful. Of course he had lived here at one time and made jokes about meeting old high school friends again.  My other favorite is \"A Song's Best Friend\" which I've seen on PBS and now own a copy of."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have not purchased the cd as of my review,but I have listened to all the song's numerous times on YouTube.This album is FANTASTIC..I still can't believe anyone would give this gem less than 4 stars..but everyone does have the right to their own opinion.But this is so good,just listen to the tune called The Wrecker..Turn it up,and close your eyes..It just sticks in my mind..I have been a big fan of Rush since the very beginning,and have seen them quite a few Tours,and hearing this great music on Clockwork Angels has me ready for another show..Just an incredible new cd from our friends from the North.."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you wonder where Stevie Ray Vaughn got his outstanding guitar licks on  &quot;Texas Flood&quot;, listen to &quot;Blues Power&quot;.  They're all  there in this original by Albert King.  I saw B. B. King on TV a few times  around 1970, but on Sunday nights around 1971 there was a show on PBS of  rock concerts from the Filmore. One night Albert King was on there, a film  of part of this very performance!  That is what cinched it for me as a  blues fan.  I'd never heard guitar playing that touched so close to home.  Every phrase was dynomite.  I can't recomend this album enough."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The band was in shambles after Test for Echo, due to Neil's losses. Their follow-up, Vapor Trails, showed a band struggling to remain a band. Vapor Trails was a tremendous letdown for a lot of fans, myself included, not to mention holding the award for probably one of the worst sounding albums ever released by a major label, but it contains a lot of passion. Snakes and Arrows has some great moments and a few decent tracks overall, but it falls flat as whole. With Clockwork Angels we see Rush back in full swing. They want it again and they're pushing themselves to be as good as they know they can: Solid playing at a very high level, complex and intricate arrangements that keep your attention, and a passion that shows they really want to make something great!We thank you! Can't wait to see it live!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Love it! I ordered it monday evening, and received it on saturday. The only thing I didnt like was when i selected \"play all videos\", for some reason it didnt play Valentine Girl. It was like it wasnt even on the dvd. It just skipped right over it. Maybe it had something to do with my dvd player, i dont know. But overall i love it :) and my 8 year old brother was dancing to it and watched it with me. He doesnt even know who they are and he loved it hahaha :)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A rich, interesting, strong, and riveting album, \"Clockwork Angels\" has been approaching for a long time now, with its first two songs appearing many months ago, and the crazy-good \"Headlong Flight\" popping up as the true first single. There's so much here, I'm grateful for some early exposure. It was a great and welcome marketing move.The songs are all great, from the complex to the downright old school; it's a great blend. Geddy sounds great in voice and bass; Alex is flourishing a wicked guitar with taste and class; and Neil does everything right, with inventive driving rhythms and decorative percussion mixed in everywhere.What a great album! Thanks, gentlemen."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you don't currently own Peter Pan, and love the movie, you still have time to buy it on video and dvd. But hurry up because Peter Pan and along with Beauty and the Beast, Beauty and the Beast The Enchanted Christmas and Return to Neverland are going out of stock on 1/31/03. Along with some other titles. Whether you believe it or not that Peter Pan's voice died in 1968 because he had been abusing himself and his body was founde by kids playing in an abanded village bulding but I think it took sometime to to discover he was the voice of Peter Pan."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The more I listen to Zeppelin, the more I see the brilliance of each performer.  However, if one has to shine the brightest, unfortunately he also fell the soonest.  There have been many great drummers - Pert from Rush, Grohl from Nirvana, Foo Fighters, Them Crooked Vultures (with John Paul Jones) to name just two- but in the history of rock and roll and even other genres, there has been few that can play the drums not only as a rhythm instrument, but as an instrument in its own right.  Bonham added so much to this group that it is completely appropriate to that they broke up after his death.  Nothing against Page, Jones or Plant - they are all incredible musicians in their own right - but Bonham is the clear star of this group.  Not just in shear talent but in musicality.  He was able to add to any piece not just with technical brilliance.  He knew exactly what each piece needed to make it perfect."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is an entertaining video - I was delighted to see the concert clips of Janis singing. I'm glad someone was recording her singing live in concert; it truly shows the powerful and passionate performer that she was.  However, I came away with the feeling that deep inside, Janis was really a sad person despite her success and free-spirit. This is evident in the interview at her high school reunion. One can also tell in the various interview clips whether she was on something, drunk, or straight.Janis was truly a unique and gifted yet tormented woman who, to this date, no other singer can surpass. She embodied the spirit of the 60's and there will never be another like her. It's such a shame she died so young."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "\"Apocalyptic Love\" is great! This is an great follow-up from Slash. A terrific rock album. All (13) tracks on here are great.Track Listing1. Apocalyptic Love (4 out of 4)2. One Last Thrill (4 out of 4)3. Standing in the Sun (4 out of 4)4. You're a Lie (4 out of 4)5. No More Heroes (4 out of 4)6. Halo (4 out of 4)7. We Will Roam (4 out of 4)8. Anastasia (4 out of 4)9. Not for Me (4 out of 4)10. Bad Rain (4 out of 4)11. Hard & Fast (4 out of 4)12. Far and Away (4 out of 4)13. Shots Fired (4 out of 4)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Being in America, seeing OASIS {The best band in the world} live is a rare treat.  However after I bought this one, I can see them live whenever I want.  This is rock and roll at its best, and Oasis know how to put on a show. This DVD does not have any special features on it.  That is its only flaw. I wish FAMILURE TO MILLIONS would come to DVD cos, I want to hear the new songs and see it LIVE.. OASIS RULES&gt;&gt; I LOVE OASIS"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "88min DVD containing the famous concert on Central Park featuring the one-night reunion of Paul Simon and Art Garfunkel. The concert looks and sounds good on this DVD. Even the John Lennon song where an angry fan rushed the stage is included. Also included in this DVD are some movie trailers which include: Carmen Jones, Carousel, Hello Dolly!, The King & I, Moulin Rouge!, Oklahoma!, and South Pacific. Additionally, there is English subtitles. Nice concert DVD for S&G fans inspite of Garfunkel looking a bit uncomfortable during the concert."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "It is heartening to know that people are still making films of this type. This is in the style of Happiest Days Of Their Lives or the St.Trinians films, but with younger girls. It therefore ditches any sort of sexuality in favour of a rather charming innocence. Even the teacher is a nun, rather than an Alistair Sim type. Having said that, these girls are no Von-Trapp angels. Director Daisy Von Scherler Meyer avoids the pitfall of casting precocious showbiz children and choses (mainly) sweet little girls who can act. The main plot about the girls trying to keep their school from being sold by crusty old aristocrat Nigel Hawthorne is spiced up with a kidnap caper which stops things wearing thin. On the whole, a good one to watch with younger children."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I love Tony Bennett, and he is one of the last of the great crooners (Andy Williams and Al Martino are the only ones I can think of, since the passing of Perry Como). However, this CD, while great in that it introduces a new generation to pop standards, is lacking in several aspects. First, admittedly, Tony's voice isn't what it used to be. Secondly, the audience noise, for this type of concert, is rather distracting. And, last, to include k.d. lang and Elvis Costello on an album of this type brings the entire CD down a couple notches. This is not their type of music, and they show it.If you are really looking for a great Tony CD...look to his earlier output. Get this, only if you're a completest."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The singing is great, with Scotto at top. Scotto acts as I've never seen her before and Domingo isn't bad in that either.  Levine's orchestral work is the best of his that I've heard.  The camera work is excellent too, with  almost flawless composition.But what sets this opera apart is the  passion and emotion binding these elements and its principals together,  rendering it much more than the sum of its parts.Yes, I thought that in  Act I they hadn't really gotten into yet, I wouldn't have minded a bit more  lushness from the orchestra, and the VHS sound is definitely no CD, but no  matter for a performance like this."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the third review of an irish album I write today (the others were Cranberries) and now I'm sure about that Ireland is one of the countries producing the best music in the world. And not just commercial pop-music in the Spice Girls way. Okay, I just wanted to say something about Irish  music. Now let's say something about this album. It's great. it's  beautiful. Very good, easy listened music. If you like Enya or you just  want some easy-listened relaxing music. This is the album for you to buy!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am a worship arts pastor in Pennsylvania. Normally, on an album like this. I am able to find 3 or 4 songs that I really like or really think would work well in our worship services. On this album, for the first time, I am having a very hard time finding even one or two that WOULDN'T work well in our services.Chris is a very gifted songwriter, the band it tight, the sound is great. Whether just listening, using for your own private worship, or using as a resource for a church... It's a SERIOUS winner!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This was awesome! I purchased this and my whole family and I enjoy watching it over and over. It is priceless entertainment for our family. I am glad that I purchased this collection. I also purchased the Dangerous short films, Video history one, and the Michael Jackson Dangerous concert.. All are awesome and make a great collections. I would like to see a dvd with all of MJ's videos on one dvd instead of several here and there. For instant man in the mirror is on the number one's dvd.. I would have liked to have seen that on one of these collections. With that said, theses are still great to have. I don't know if I will purchase the number one's dvd. I think you will enjoy all the ones that I have mentioned. Get ready to be entertained."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Michael Jackson - History on Film, Vol. 2This is a beautiful tribute to a part of Michael Jackson's career. He hand picked each piece and made it for his fans to cherish.  He took his God given gifts and fine tuned them into the magnificent King of Pop that will live forever as long as we continue to play his music and watch his videos. He captured our hearts because his own heart was bigger than any person I've ever had the pleasure of knowing. His music and dancing will live on forever as long as we listen to his songs and watch his short films. I don't want the world to forget this beautiful creature who took the basics of entertaining and catapulted them into the moves we've been attempting to copy for years. He was a wonderful Father, a Fabulous Entertainer and One of a kind; and he was my friend. I miss you Michael."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought the VHS and subsequently DVD of this performance because of Nina.To me,she is currently the most accomplished classical ballet dancer.( hopefully she does not retire soon ).She has solid foot-works and always dances with great confidence.Her upper torso is so soft and expressive.This performance is of no difference.The only criticism I have is that the recording/video quality is not the best I've seen.It's ashamed that none of her performances of full length ballet at the ABT was recorded.That would have left us with important documents of what great classical ballet dancing should be.Brava Nina."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The music of Type O Negative did some justice to this film by enhancing it with a new flair of romanticism. Listening to David Carradine's introduction is odd, adding more darkness to the film. Carradine looks somewhat cyanotic perhaps bitten by Dracula himself, make one wonder if that's why he nervously plays with that cane. The opening tune Der Untermensch is awesome and sends shivers down your spine and then begins the completely hypnotic trance throughout the film. The other songs like Love You To Death, Die With Me, Prelude To Agony, Bloody Kisses, and Unsuccessfully Coping With The Natural Beauty Of Infidelity just to mention a few put the icing (or blood) on the cake on F.W. Murnau's Symphony Of Horror. I found this DVD to be an eclectic harmonizing mixture of the old and the new. A must buy for all TON people."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a fabulous and funny musical tribute to Sesame Street.  It is a great variety show (a la Muppet Show) which is a plus.  Jon Stewart plays a great part of the would-be show host that gets locked in his dressing room.  Elmo is prevalent, but not as much as the title would suggest.  I don't believe that it is enough to give it disparaging marks!(For those of you who are hung up on Elmo, check out Elmo in Grouchland!)Rosie, Shawn and all of the stars are gregarious and wonderful for children to watch.  In fact, it is a video that I enjiy watching with or without my children!!!5 stars!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The little chime sound you hear at the beginning is a kalimba, an african thumb piano. After being hypnotized by this you will then hear a very well played, quiet, fluttering violin (the sound of lark's tongues?)Don't turn  the volume up too loud here, because you will split your speakers when the  crescendo of acid guitars come wailing into your brain. This is music of a  sort you haven't heard, a classic example of acid rock, classical mixed  with rock, and some sophisticated noisy percussion and jazz thrown in. Hey,  relax, thats just the first track."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Watching Bambi, I wondered Is this really for kids during some parts of this film that may scare young children. And parts of this movie there are men that we don't see that are shooting and killing animals. And in one part during winter, they kill Bambi's mother after she hears trouble. But does Bambi have a father? Earlier in the film when he first talks, he calls a butterfly a bird, some flowers butterflys, and a skunk Flower. Which his friend a rabitt named Thumper laughs. Now remember this is a cartoon, in real life animals don't talk, expect for parrtors, excpect when they are babies."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have been waiting anxiously for this DVD to come out for a very long time, and was not let down by it at all.  From the amazing full concert footage, to the haunting Grace Electronic Press Kit, this DVD is a must  have for all Buckley fans.  We get to see a glimpse of Jeff in an intimate  club setting and it's really nice to have captured that moment and to be  able to go back to it, and be amazed over and over.  It is truly a sad and  beautiful thing all at once.  I urge all music lovers to give Jeff Buckley  a listen, and try not to be impressed.  The only thing that I would have  also included, would have been all of Jeff's videos.  Other than that, this  is perfect.  Thanks Mary, for leaving the light on."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "With 2 babies in 2 years.  Sleep was a huge issue in this house.  Dr.  Karp's methods are great.  You just need to stick to them.  I think there are a few different methods that work well, it's just a matter of finding what you are comfortable with and sticking it out.  My best advice is watch this and then follow what rings true to you.  Remember it is one thing to watch a dvd and another to hear your baby crying at 4 in the morning.  Stay strong!!  This DVD gives you much needed ammo!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Who hasn't seen this yet? The older it gets, the more contemporary it seems. Just a different war now than 40 years ago. The clothing and hair styles are pretty much back in 2009, same as 1969. The film is edited such that actual events and musical performances are not in line with how it really happened. For example, Sha Na Na went on right before Hendrix on Monday morning, but this is edited to look like they were on mid-show. The performances that have held up best: Joe Cocker, Santana, Hendrix, CS&N. Even at more than three hours, this still omits probably 40-50 hours of musical performances, not to mention all the other film that was shot. I loved the apocalyptic ending showing the garbage, smoke from fires and the mud left over. And the scroll of all the dead from that era is sobering."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I ordered this back in 1987 and waited a while to get it...this is what a AC/DC show is all about...it's funny seeing Angus totally stoned during some of the interviews...good concert..to bad you can't get the footage from the apollo theater when they were on tour back in 1978... \"riff raff\" shows up in the family jewels collection..that would be worth buying..in all very good concert....though Who made Who and Blow up your Video  concert tours were far better......"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Though Joe Satriani starts of well the first thing that all this guitaring and shredding makes you do is turn the volume down. By the time Steve Vai goes on stage you've already had enough. I also somehow liked the sound of the Stratocaster more than the Ibanezes. It had a melodic touch to it. Inspite of this the virtuosity of the guitarists can never be undervalued. Great for students of the guitar but for the avid guitar listener it can become very tiresome. Eric Johnson's group where the drummer had a better role to play was also refreshing to watch and listen instead of having to focus all the time on the guitarists as in the performances of Joe Satriani and Steve Vai. Three stars for Eric's performance and the versatility of Satriani and Vai."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I agreee with just about every positive thing previously written about this record.  This is a great album - a 'must have'.However, be warned.  The production is TERRIBLE.  Even on the remastered version it doesn't sound much better the Earthbound (the live King Crimson album on which the production was so bad that Fripp says he'll never reissue it.)  Since Crimson was such a powerful live band, other recordings of this period are preferable.  Recommended: The Nightwatch, The Great Deceiver, or others available though Fripp's private label, Discipline Global Mobile."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Honestly, all individuals are born different from the other. In G3's situation the 3 of them have their own distinctive feeling & style in playing that would obviously lift you up from your seats and scream out loud the word \"Yeah\". That is why I would not and could not classify who is ranking no.1, 2, or 3 among them. Unless, if your head is inflated with fowl air then approach me and I'm 100% willing to deflate your pathetic medical case and grant you guarantees of cure comprise of \"Love & Respect\". Buy this Dvd because your in for a special treat."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "One of the best documents of the sixties and the music that affected people and society. D.A. Pennebaker who also directed Dylan's Don't Look Back and later The Rolling Stones Altamount Concert Gimme Shelter has crafted another winner. Highlights include The Who smashing their guitars, Eric Burdon and his new version of the Animals, Janice Joplin, Otis Redding and of course Jimi Hendrix with covers of Wild Thing and Dylan's Like A Rolling Stone among his heart pounded numbers. But the scene where Jimi &quot;sacrifices&quot; his guitar is the most unforgettable image left on the viewers consciousness, simply mesmerizing."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When I first heard the first two singles from this album before it came out I was psyched Rush was doing an album this heavy but when I bought the album it leaves a lot to be desired. it starts off with a band with Caravan, BU2B, and Clockwork Angels but after that it took a confusing left turn for me. Some of Geddy's vocals are a little too shreaky and turns me off from the songs and some of their string arrangments on this album dosen't help either. I have to say i like 7 out of the 12 songs on here. I recommend their earlier records though."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Incredible.  If you have never seen Stomp live, then do it!  If that is impossible, then watch this video.  These masters of rhythm are awesome.  Whether they have a basketball, a broom, or a butcher knife in their hands, they create drama, energy and excitement through rhythm!  There are segments in this video that could not be performed live.  That is a bonus!  Also, the short documentary about &quot;Stomp&quot; is incredible!  My children love this as well.  Great for the whole family!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Whatever It Takes is an adorable teen movie. It tells the story of Ryan (Shane), an unpopular kid in high school, who falls in love with Ashley (Jodi Lyn), Miss Popularity. He needs help getting Ashley to notice him, so in comes Chris (James), Ashley's cousin who is also very popular. Chris wants to date Ryan's best friend Maggie (Marla). He convinces Ryan that he has good intentions for wanting Maggie and that in the end, they will both have their dream girls, so Ryan agrees to the plan.Unfortunately, Ryan doesn't realize until it is too late that he's totally mismatched with his dream girl and that Chris is a total jerk.The cast is absolutely amazing, and they do a wonderful job. This is one of the best teen movies I've seen in a while.I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to see a good romantic comedy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The problem with modern production techniques is they compress the dynamics, making everything loud; then they increase the volume past the technical limits of the CD. This is evident on the Clockwork Angels release, and there are many areas where it is impossible to hear the nuances of Neil Peart's drumming, to follow Geddy Lee's bass lines, or to tell just what exactly Alex Lifeson is doing on his guitar. The mix wasn't as bad as the original master of Vapor Trails, but it is clearly not as good as it should have been."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Well, I know I'm a little late to this CD (12 years) but I looked it up on Amazon after hearing the first selection on Laugh USA Sirius XM last week.  I listen to that station for some smiles and giggles when I'm driving.  Brian Regan came on talking about \"you too\" and \"take luck\" and I almost had to pull over to the side of the road.  I was laughing so hard it really was dangerous!So now I have the CD and I listen at home where it's much safer for everyone.  It's just hilarious, no two ways about it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have to admit it.  I didn't care for it much at all - and I am a pretty big Rush geek.  But I kept listening and found that it has grown on me.  I still think Geddy's singing is a bit stretched at times, and I would have enjoyed more solos from Alex.  But overall its a very, very solid concept album and I am very glad they went this route on this album.  Great story, great music, and a nice change of pace.Great work guys!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have been a Rush fan forever. I have loved most of the stuff they have put out but always have found a few tracks to be duds on every recent release. Clockwork Angels has no duds. It is absolutely amazing beginning to end. It is the first RUSH album since Signals that I want to hear all of Live. I love everything thing about this album. I even like the muddy mix, flashy wiz kid studio production and the cover art. This is the album I have been waiting for! Thank you Neil, Alex and Geddy for making this fan a freaking happy one!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This was always one of my favorite Disney movies.  I am happy to say that it is now one of my 2 daughter's favorites as well.  We got the DVD when it came out and they have watched it over and over.  All I can say is that I am glad that DVD movies don't wear out like VHS or Beta.The clarity of the images is fantastic.  Disney re-releases are always beautiful and this is no exception.Special features are great for the adults or older children.A definite must have for any family, but especially for those of us who remember or, more importantly, can't remember what it was like to be a kid."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Since this set isn't coming out for another month (it's now October 16), why are people commenting on it? I can understand thinking or hoping for certain things to come out. But that's what forum's are for, right? How can you comment on something you don't own yet? It's like saying how the weather for the next month just sucks...or your next car doesn't ride as good as your current one does. Again, if you've got questions or concerns, post to the forum; that's what it's there for. Leave reviews to real reviews of the product and not crying about how you hope the quality is better than the other versions.Just a thought..."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "You unlock this cesspool with a key of insight-beyond it is another dimension, a dimension of egoism, a dimension of hedonism, a dimension of self entitlement. Your moving into a land of both thoughtlessness and insensitivity, you've just crossed over into the zone of baby boomers.Witness a theatrical musical festival-the year is 1969. Put on by a bunch of characters who \"for the most part\" have no more character than what you might find described and pictured on an FBI poster at your local post office. For the rest of their pathetic lives, they will boast and brag about what a historical and meaningful event took place at Woodstock N.Y. and how great it was to be there. Sadly, all these delusional pathetic characters were never at Woodstock-although they may try to convince you, but the festival never took place in Woodstock N.Y. It took place 100 miles away in a town called Bethel, New York.This festival portend the social nassissistic self-indulging climite that now pollutes American culture."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "My husband and I were skeptical.  I bought this DVD on a whim and it stayed in its wrapper for 2 weeks before we watched it.  Our baby fussed for 2 hours at night, fighting sleep, but obviously exhausted, well fed, and wearing a clean diaper.  My daughter fussed while we watched the video and we calmed her right there as we watched the techniques.  We can get her to sleep in less than 5 minutes, rather than try to calm her fussing for over an hour, like we had done before.It really works!  We are now the Happiest Parents on the Block!  Our baby is calm and well rested.  We are less stressed.  We are giving it to all our pregnant friends as part of their baby gifts."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I do not need to even get into details.  This DVD performance is so important to the Alice in Chains legacy.  Also, it is perhaps the most meanful MTV Unplugged release of them all.  Layne is at his tormented best, so deep in pain, you get chills just hearing him sing.  Oh so sad, but yet he makes it sound so sweet and beautiful.  Jerry is just equal to Layne, never adding too much nor taking much away.  Layne and Jerry I think are the last great dou to emerge from the whole 90's rock explosion.  Get this DVD, all you need to do is love music, not even be a fan of AIC's, just love music.  Put this DVD in your player, push play, then close your eyes.  Let me know how you feel afterwards."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Great concert - the Allman Brothers at thier best since Duane and Berry passed on. Better than live at The Beacon - that should be a bluray catalog as well - it's plenty new enough.  The problem with this DVD is the interviews as others have stated.  They could have been added as bonus content to select off the menu rather than have them embedded in the the concert itself.  Please re-edit and possibly reissue as a bluray with full concert footage and non embedded \"added\" bonus content. Classic Allman Brothers - Its the right thing to do........."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Even though this album really only has three songs I liked on it, it still gets 4 stars. Robert Fripp just lets it go crazy on Lark's Tongue Part 1, Book of Saturday, not bad future Asia's John Wenton, bass and vocals on that track. I think they might have been competing with Floyd on Easy Money, still an awesome track by these guys. So three out of six ain't bad, I don't think considering it's progressive, so you have to sit thru long sets, but the songs I liked that I mentioned in this review aren't too long, so you'll live. This album I would only recommend to people though who do like progressive rock in the fact that some of the delicate types might not quite grip the concept, enjoy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow.  I just came across this CD for real cheap, and boy was I glad I got it.  I have listened to lots of blues players of different types, and the guitar of Albert King is amazing, especially on this disc.  I have his In Session CD live with SRV, which was a really strong CD, but this particular CD presents a better sound of his guitar, in my opinion.  It sounds sweeter, more well-rounded, powerful, diverse, and dead-on.  I really love Albert King's work, and I always wish songs like \"Blues Power\" and \"Blues at Sunrise\" were much much longer because this type of slower blues has the sweetest licks.  Get this CD.  It radiates such warm, positive energy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Pre-Script: This is the only Skillet I own and have ever heard (I'm a new fan) so I don't want to say this is their best work cause I'm not sure, however here's my review for \"Comatose\":My Review: Well, the songs have already been rated so I'll leave them out but this is definitely a must-buy. I think Skillet is doing a really great thing: spreading of my savior Jesus Christ through MY personal favorite type of music: HEAVY METAL! But one thing that should be added is that this CD has extrememely good sound quality. Like, I can;t explain besides excellent songs, the CD opens up with crystal clear audio on \"Rebirthing\" and throughout. It's like an HD-CD.GO SKILLET ANED BUY THIS CD!I also reccommend:Demon HunterToby MacUnderoath"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "somehow simon and garfunke will always have the power to draw me in and keep me there! and this is no exeption. the recording is great, and you catch the dialouge that you cant get on the album. the whole performance is  so moving (in a good way), even though it has its weak spots it is just  beautiful. with paul's soulful lyrics, and artie's voice this film is a  must have for everyone, whether you were there or not.as a john lennon  fan paul always makes me cry on the late great johnny ace. you really get  that feeling in all his songs though, that sinceriy that you can only get  from someone with true talent.please, get this video, you won't be  dissapointed!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "First of all, all the songs are fantastic. Others have written extensively on that. Secondly, the production while \"loud\" is very clean sounding and sounds good. I recommend listening to this on a good sound system or high quality headphones.What I found most interesting is that it is heavily inspired by Voltaire's story Candide. This is even mentioned in the liner notes. In Candide, the title character was raised to believe that God was watching out for us all, and that all is for the best. After he realizes this is not true, he doubts his faith and sets out on a quest of self discovery. The story is actually really absurd and hilarious (which is on purpose, as it is satire). Here, that general theme is represented musically with a science fiction twist. I can't wait for the novel to come out, which will be fun to compare to Candide."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "James Taylor is such a brilliant songwriter, singer and performer, and he is one one of the few artists who has remained on top year after year. I am not speaking about the charts and selling the most records, but about performance. Listen (and look) to this excellent performance! All the classic songs are here, some of them sounding even better than on the original recordings. The musicians are in good mood and totally inspired by James and his songs. The perfect DVD when you need inspiration! (...)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Gotta say - this is a great filmPersonally - aside from the set design - I wasn't crazy about Metropolis, so I didn't know what to expect with this piece of Lang'sHowever, this was an excellent film --- obviously, nothing can compete with Metropolis's set design....... however, this film had an amazing and powerful story attached to it, that is likely going to grab EVERYONE!!!!!I don't wanna give it away, but its a highly political one, that leaves no one without criticismIf Fritz were alive today, I'd be willing to bet that he would be running for President on the Liberterian ticket"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I absolutely love Riverdance!  I've seen it live 4 times.  But for some unknown reason, they keep changing it and many of those changes are not for the better.  Here goes:1.  Firedance is much better in it's original version where it's performed by a man and a woman.2.  I don't see why the Trading Taps needs to be included.  However, this is not to say that the tappers are not incredibly talented, they're just not Celtic!3.  For the same reason I've never really liked the Russian Dervish dance!4.  I also don't care much for \"Slip Into Spring.\"5.  And the original version of \"Lift The Wings\" is by far the best!6.  Colin Dunne is no Michael Flatly.Now, for the two changes that are good.1.  The narration at the start the talks about The Sun!  Yay Lugh!2.  The number called \"Heartbeat Of The World.\"  It's very good!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "First of all, i'm glad to see that i'm not the only not-kid (i'm 19) that still loves this movie and that cried when seeing it again...It's a great movie to see when you are a child, and a great movie to see through your life, until you could watch it with your own children.It's also an important movie: A friend of mine had a history teacher that said that this movie shows greatly the lives of the immigrants to America, so you'll also get a bit of history with it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "They just don't make movies (especially ones for children) like this anymore. I saw this in theaters fifteen years ago, and I loved it. I proudly paid only $5.00 for this during Wal-Mart's video liquidation sale last year. I've owned Turtles II and the sub-par III for ten years, but I never did have my favourite first one on tape until now. As for the DVD release: don't bother. DVDs scrath just as badly as CDs, and there's nothing that can protect you collection from careless younger siblings intent on taking your fragile CD and DVD collection. Plus, the street market allows you to find (on VHS) extra-violent fight scenes that originally earned the first Turtles movie a PG-13 rating. If you want information on this workprint you're missing out on, go to [...]"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've had this cd since the day it was released. I've listened to it everyday since and it never gets old. The songs are solid, the playing is probably their best on record, it's an amazing cd. I could write a review of every song, but it's already been done. If you like old Rush, the 3 piece guitar band with the big sound, you'll love this cd. If you ever wondered how Rush would sound if they improvised rather than rehearsed every note to metronome perfection, you'll love this cd."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "How can someone who hasn't released any commercially successful material in the last six years be the King? Watch this video and you'll find out!This is packed with some of Michael's most ambitious video's and live performances.Video listing:1. Bille Jean (Motown 25: yesterday, Today and Forever)2. Beat It 3. Liberian Girl (very rare)4. Smooth Criminal (one of his finest and higly overlooked videos)5. 1995 MTV Video Music Awards Performance (Killer 15 minute Jackson performance!)6. Thriller7. Scream (duet with sister Janet and an amazing visual effect video!) 8. Childhood9. You Are Not Alone (Video for the first song ever to debut at No.1 on the Billboard #100)10. Earth Song (Beautiful video!)11. They Don't Care About Us (Highly contorvercial song and video from 1996)12. Stranger In Moscow (rare)13. Bllod On The Dance Floor (rare in North America)14. Brace YourselfGet this DVD 'cause these are some fine pieces of work from the greatest entertainer of the last twenty years!Five out of five"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Conductor and composer John Rutter has been a fan of this work for a long time - and it shows.  The orchestra is simply excellent as are the Cambridge Singers.  Rutter chose to use two younger voices for the women's solo parts; the soprano was 29, the alto 25 when recorded.  The quality of voices changes over time and there are some solos that benefit from young voices and some that require mature voices - per the conductor's and listener's choices.  The tenor at times overdid the vibrato.  The solo voices were all excellent but sometimes they lacked the depth and power that more mature voices often offer.  Comments aside, this is a fine group of soloists.  The clarity and separation of the choral parts are excellent.  This is a medium-paced rendition which captures the emotions of the oratorio while not forgetting its baroque heritage.  This is one of my 9 recordings of the complete work and one you'll enjoy owning."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Good news and bad news. First the good news: The music is great. Absolutely astounding at times and is a lot to take in with just one listen. Rush does a lot of new and innovative playing on this album. Now the Bad news: The melodies of the vocals gets monotonous. Almost as if Geddy's singing the same song over and over again. Nothing very memorable here. I also get the feeling that I heard a lot of these vocal melodies before over the last 5 Rush albums. Additional good news: Some of the best guitar soloing I ever heard Alex play. Certainly worth a listen."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Robert Plant and Jimmy Page were always somewhat disappointed with The Song Remains the Same, and it's not hard to see why...Some choppy and grainy video, not the highest-fidelity sound and certainly not one of their best live performances. But still, even Led Zep in a mediocre format is still 10 times better than just about anybody else out there. This is a also a great disc for younger Zeppelin fans to get a sense of what this band was like, including how crazy-huge they were, in their day.I actually like the cheesy shorts in this movie. It fits the mood of the time to a T, and they are funny besides."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "One thing  I like about this film was the realism, I get so sick of hearing about \"wooodstock\" that it was 3 days of Peace and Love....BS!  The hippies crashed the fences and didnt give a crap about the promoters and other men and and women who put the festival on. Feeling they can just storm in and not have to pay for an event and just stiff the promoters to have to dig in their own pockets to pay the artists and everything else,  With Woodstock tho, the promoters already had a film and record deal signed and wasnt too concernd about tickets but they still took a huge financial hit.Great documentary about the so called \"love child\" generation that were just as selfish and spoiled as the ME generation, same crap, different title.Wish the film were still a bit longer but it is what it is.Great performances by Jimi Hendrix, Janis and many others."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "These guys are still amazing! I honestly wasn't expecting a classic but boy I was wrong. This is easily one of their best albums and only gets better with each listen. Clockwork Angels is a concept album yet the songs can stand on their own. I love BU2B and The Garden the latter just might be their best album closer of all time. This album brings back that amazement I first felt with RUSH when I was 17 and bought Roll the Bones on tape. Geddy, Alex, and Neil should be very proud of themselves. I look forward to getting the book."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Having come of age in the 80s, I still list Sam Kinison as my favorite comedian.  Even so, now with a family of my own I welcome comedy that I don't have to hide from my daughters or cringe when they overhear.  Brian Regan is just such a comedian.  If you love comedy based on language (as opposed to stories, observations, etc.) then this album is also for you.  And, as a bonus, your children can listen to it along with you, with the strongest word used on the CD being \"hell.\""}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The Tina Turner DVD is in DTS and it sounds wonderful. The image isn't bad either, but it looks a little soft--almost like it was filmed instead of taped. The concert was recorded in Amsterdam, so maybe there were some PAL  to NTSL conversion issues. Or maybe the producers just wanted a softer  look.This is a high energy DVD. You almost get out of breath just  watching it. Most of the songs are up tempo and have lots of energy. Lights  flash, scenes change rapidly. It's very effective. I found myself squinting  from time to time when a bright light was shown on my monitor."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "OMG, I finally received the first part of my order today. It took more than a month for it to arrive but as soon as I got it,  I put it on I could not stop crying. I felt just like the little girl I used to be watching him on TV while screaming and crying. I still can not believe MJ is no longer with us. Get this DVD you will no be disappointed! It's so clear the videos chosen are perfecto. I just wish that it wasn't a two sided disc so I dont have to flip the disc over for the rest. Nevertheless, MJ will live in film & history forever. I am so grateful to be able to obtain this collection my only regret is that I didn't get it years ago."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This candid, lovingly made 1977 tribute to the Kirov strivers who make big sacrifices to attend the legendary training ground of Balanchine is a sheer delight, both aesthetically and narratively, letting us peer into a highly disciplined world of pure art where expectations are high and the weight of tradition almost oppressive. With Grace Kelly's warm, vivid narration providing the context and translations, we watch as 20 students out of 1000 are carefully selected according to predetermined physical requirements, then spend close to a decade mastering their dance skills. You can't help feeling anxiety and then excitement watching one graduating ballerina make her heart-fluttering debut on the Kirov stage after months of punishing practice. \"Street\" is a tremendously enjoyable, behind-the-scenes look at greatness in the making."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is for all of us who grew up in the 60s-70s era & yearn for the \"good old days\". This was when the Love Generation was in full flower, pun intended. It is a faithful rendition of that period. The best moment in the whole thing is watching Cass Elliot being blown away by Janis sitting in the first row & wowing a no-holds-barred blues classic. No one had really known of this small town Texas woman who was a one-off original & who was larger than life, & created her own Rock Opera on stage & off."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is great remasterPrevious released version \"Dazed and Confused\" \"Moby Dick\" was song cut and combined , that's uncomfortableThis restoration is good and no problem these songsBut one thing\"Rain Song\" is alomost unchange although restored , why ?Good remix 5.1 surround soundEspacially , \"Dazed and Confused\" Jimmy's bow playFront and rear sound clealy separatedentire all of movie sound is good tooThis collector's edition add is interestingLobby card , small copy of movie poster , ticket and T-shirtsIf you are Led Zeppelin huge fan that you should get this edition"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Fievel is a young Russian mouse separated from his parents on the way to America, a land they think is without cats. When he arrives alone in the New World, he keeps up hope, searching for his family, making new friends, and running and dodging the cats he thought he'd be rid off. An American Tail easily one of the best animated features ever made, but it proves to be leaps beyond the efforts of recent Disney movies by refusing to be constricted to an all too familiar formula. A heartwarming story, beautiful songs, great performances and the animation is stellar. This is an excellent movie for all ages that will warm your heart"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I must say that while I truly love Enya's music, this album is my least favorite of all of hers.  It is good, don't get me wrong, but I do not feel as engrossed in the music on this one as I am in the other ones.  Ok, so maybe, Enya has bored me a bit this time, but some of the tunes are awfully good, such as, &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot; and &quot;Anywhere Is.&quot;  So, I would never dismiss it as a poor pick, and I do feel that it is a valid Enya album.  It is full of beautiful songs (as is the case with all of her records), and the vocals are ethereal as always.  I would recommend it, though if I were you, I would let this be my first Enya experience, for the rest in the line, and those before it, are, to me, a little better."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This cd rocks! But I knew this was going to happen.On a side note, be sure to watch the song inspiration on the web which explains their process behind every song. It really provides insight on the album. There isn't a bad song here. Something Gone Wrong is my favorite. It is an acoustic, 12 string piece, good lyrics, and a classic Joe guitar bridge. With overall tempo which I prefer. I do like the lyrical message on Three and Half Letters, (I Need a Job). I can't wait until Chickenfoot 2!  Or Chickenfoot 6!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "As a fellow fan of AIC, I treasure this honest and humble acoustic concert among Facelift and Dirt. It's one thing listening to that cringing voice of Layne's, but to watch them in action, it nearly made me cry. He looked awful, and it's a shame that such a talented soul had to die, especially in the manner that he did. This concert, however, is worth every penny that you have to pay. This is a must-watch for any true fan of grunge/metal/hard rock and they still make a statement on soft acoustic. Jerry Cantrell and Layne Staley's harmonies are great, and the atmosphere is so approachable and laid-back, as Layne sits on a stool and takes a whiff of a cigarette. Watch it and prepare to be moved."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I love RATM. I was at the Irvine Meadows concert shown in this video - unfortunately, that one is the worst of the ones shown. It was a great show, but it's just poor quality. Part of that is because it's at night,  but it also seems kind of poor anyway. The other shows are pretty good, but  the video has flaws. The video collection is cool though, although the ones  from the first album are basically just Rage live, they're awesome."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a very, very good concert featuring most of the famous singing duo's best songs, of which there were many. There is a good mix of fast and slow songs and so-so stereo. Too bad they couldn't have re-mixed this in 5.1surround sound for the DVD.Simon and Garfunkel are such pros. The two harmonize so well it's amazing and even though they were live, playing in front of a mammoth crowd, most of their songs sound like perfect studio takes. Yes, a couple might not sound as good as those original studio recordings but some - thanks to the great backup band here - sound even better than the originals!  Best of all, there are no \"clunkers\" in this group.The boys looked a bit smug, but when you can draw literally hundreds of thousands of fans to a concert, I guess it's hard to be humble. They were real superstars of their music era."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I could go on and on, but briefly - if you are a filmmaker and you spend 100 times more time in your film showing gatecrashers throwing rocks at a tin wall than you do Miles Davis fronting one of the greatest jazz bands of all time, or Jim Morrison or Jimi Hendrix giving their last performances, than you are an idiot. This film is an agony to watch for any true music lover. Also, one last word folks (and this is true for Altamont too), don't judge the motives of the entire love and peace generation by the results of an incompetently organized rock event. As Seth and Amy would say, \"Really!\""}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Ever since being frightened by that screaming red face I've always been intrigued and drawn to this delightfully twisted band... LTIA, however, stands as the masterpiece of a band with a lineup that has always been my favorite...Wetton, Fripp, Bruford, Cross and Muir. The first three were all solid, but the addition of Muir and his whacky purcussive additions just complemented Bruford's already excellent chops (I wished Bruford could have played for BOTH Yes and KC - Yes was never the same after he left). Anyway, getting back to the album - won't say much more than what's already been said - this is an acid-trip album with eery, sleepy, disturbing and head-banging ferocity that showcases Fripp and his mates at their best."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am a huge fan of Bobby Darin but this video is just terrible. Instead of hearing Darin songs I want to hear I'm forced to hear songs like \"Bridge Over Troubled Water\" and \"Midnight Special\" might I add these songs are performed terribly. He sings Mack the knife And Beyond The Sea but he sings them boringly (is that even a word) and lame. no enthusiasm at all. I wish they would give out a tape of him in his earlier years so it would be more entertaining."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have reviewed 5 Beethoven DVDs. Yes the recording is old....but can't imagine why video is so poor. The real problem is we buy these great masterpieces to experience the orchestra and not the conductor. We don't buy operas to watch the conductor nearly full time. I would agree there is little cinematography going on here....which seems criminal with such an important piece. I am nervous to get any Karajan piano or violin concertos les they not focus on the performer. I have a solution in Beethoven's masterpiece. Get the recent Blu-ray Vienna performance with Thielmann conducting in glorious 1080p DTS high definition. You will always judge every classical DVD by this performance....especially the direction and cinematography and of course picture and sound quality."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "it was as good a time capsule of an era as there ever was made, but i just could not handle the switching back and forth between academy standard and widescreen aspect ratios, it was a major distraction for me. what made it worse was that the 1:33 main parts occupied only an ittybitty part of the screen in the middle, why couldn't the DVD's producers have made the 1:33 parts fill more of the screen? a 1.75x magnification would've done the trick without lopping anything off anywhere! a muted paisley virtual \"pleated theatre drapery\" border display would've at least made it seem more like the curtains placed around movie screens in a theatre which would've been a vast improvement over the huge black bars."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I guess as you get older, tastes change.  I bought this cd years back when I saw Tony on Mtv, and now I can't stop listening to it.  What I like is how real and how genuine the songs are, as well as how real Mr. Cool aka Tony Bennett is himself.  This guy rocks.  Lots of personality and one heck of a voice, you won't find a more natural and talented performer than TB.  This disc is full of classics so you can't go wrong.  Nice mix of tempo in terms of upbeat songs and ballads, plus the cool guests stop in to put their spin on the material.  Top notch musicians as well.INSTANT CLASSIC"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Really I did -- usually along with Rocky Horror or a Jimi Hendrix film.  Had no choice since there was no video footage available to buy at the time.  Some parts are hokey, and it's a shame most performances are cut, but it's Zep in their heyday.  Does anyone else notice how much Crowe's \"Almost Famous\" rips off this movie (all the way down to the acoustic-accompanied limo ride through NYC)?  A better choice is the double Carruthers DVD.  That shows Zeppelin from their origins to their later years in un-cut performances."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This album is only a few days old, i dont think thats enough time to understand the 'whole thing, so people giving it a five like me arent being very honest at the moment, i think we all know its potential and complexity that it will lead to a 5.  But i will be honest and give it a 3.5 right now, but i will give it a 5 because i dont feel like coming back and changing this review to a 5 in a few months.  I did that with Vapor Trails."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I WOULDN'T RECOMMEND THIS DVD FOR THE EXPERIENCED VIEWER OF LIVE OR DVD PERFORMANCES OF BALLET. IT IS A COMPENDIUM MOST SUITED TO THE PERSON OF ANY AGE WHO HAS NOT BEEN MUCH EXPOSED TO CLASSIC DANCE NOR COLLECTED FULL PERFORMANCE DVD'S.YES, THE TITLE IS SOMEWHAT MISLEADING, MORE ACCURATE WOULD A SUB5ITLE SUCH AS \"SAMPLES FROM SOME OF THE LEADING BALLET COMPANIES\" OR \"A PRIMER FOR BEGINNERS IN VIEWING DANCE\".FOR THE PURPOSES I OUTLINE, MY ONLY QUARREL IS WITH THE UNEVEN LENGTHS OF THE SELECTIONS. BETTER TWO OR THREE FEWER AND MORE TIME FOR THE REMAINING ONES. AS IT IS, TWO OR THREE ARE FRUSTRATINGLY SHORT WHILE NONE OF THE OTHERS COULD BE SAID TO BE TOO LONG.HOWEVER, MARKETING GOALS PROBABLY DICTATED A MAXIMUM NUMBER OF ITEMS WITH SUFFICIENT TIME FOR MOST TO AVOID THE SENSE THAT THEY ARE \"COMING ATTRACTIONS\" OR PREVIEWS.THE VIRTUE FOR THE BEGINNER IS THAT ALL THESE SELECTIONS ARE GOOD TO LOOK AT AND GOOD TO HEAR, ALL THE PERFORMERS HIGHLY COMPETENT, AND ALL THE SEGMENTS AVAILABLE (BY SOME GROUP OF GOOD PERFORMERS) FOR PURCHASE OR RENTAL."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "&quot;Peter Pan&quot;, the 2nd Disney Classic that I added to my DVD library is another keeper. Another favorite from my childhood, the film is still a great experience to watch. The animation is still classic, as is the story. Of course, the appeal of the film has changed for me, from what it was when I was a kid. It is now a classic animation film, rather then just a cartoon.I was suprised with Disney didn't announce that this film was going to be part of their &quot;Platinum Editions&quot;, but this DVD (while no extras) is still worth the purchase for the film its self. The picture is adequete as is the Dolby Digital Mix (Adequete for an animated film that is).If you are a DVD Collector, you should strongly consider purchasing this DVD, and all of Disney's Classics."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Shatner has said he knew he was being absurd when he made this, but I don't believe it for a second. I am convinced he thought he was being suave and interesting when he made this. Well, this is why IT IS so fantastic. It's the corniest record an actor ever made. When I first heard Mr. Tamborine Man I laughed long and hard...especially at the end when he screams so dramatically.Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds features Shatner sounding pained with indigestion, or drunk, as he delivers the lyrics to the Beatle classic. You can hear him smiling to himself in &quot;It was a very good year.&quot;Shatner doesn't sing so much as speak the lyrics to the songs he covers just like with the recent Best Buy commercials. Anyway, this would be a great &quot;bad&quot; gift to give someone. Shatner!! ...What a bloated cornball."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I saw Rush live on this tour. I've been listening to Rush and to classical music for over 35 years. I'm an avid classical music listener. Rush is one of my top favorite rock bands. I did NOT like the inclusion of a string section (violins, cellos, etc), classical music instruments, with Rush music. Many musicians believe that eclectic and creative mixes of musical instruments, genres and styles will produce great music.True. It does work many times. It did not work this time, in my very personal opinion and for my taste. The strings sound out of place and forced onto the Rush music and Geddy's singing. It sounds as if I were listening to Rush on one rock radio station and a classical music station was interfering with Rush. Five of the songs on this disc are performed with the Clockwork Angels String Ensemble. Otherwise, I'd give 5 stars."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Well worth it for people who like interesting rock music. A grower, it might take a few listens. Bruford left Yes to join crimson, it seems like a good move because he can show his talents more. Apparently this album was a bit of a nightmare to record. Larks part 2 rocks hard and the tune was used in a film.  There's lots of interesting pecussion tricks and good bass playing. Robert Fripp steals the show with his Easy Money guitar showcase. Some nice ballads and long instrumentals too. Worth getting. thank you"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was not impressed when this started: the sound is rubbish, the video quality not much better, and poor old Alice is almost falling-down drunk. Things do improve tho, and when we get to the final series of songs - Black Widow, Steven, and the incendiary School's Out, ALice is bringing the house down. I was converted. I've always loved Welcome To My Nightmare, and was stoked to see Tony Levin playing on this - although interestingly uncredited.As several others have said, for all its faults this is history in the making and it deserves its place in the rock pantheon."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Enya is in a class all by herself.  She envokes feelings and images that take you out of reality.  So many others have copied her sound (ala James Horner in TITANIC) that it's easy to see how much of an influence she has been.  &quot;The Memory Of Trees&quot; is a classic album.  From the emotional first track instrumental to the enchanting &quot;On My Way Home&quot;, Enya has created a pallete of wonderful pastimes and tragic metaphores here.  Yes, I would consider this pop/new age music.  And there's nothing wrong with that.  There are a number of people that don't like Enya.  There are jokes on South Park about her.  And that's good.  It shows how much of a musical force she is.  &quot;The Memory Of Trees&quot; is a good collection of material from a very important artist, who I hope will never give up her love of music."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Performances:Butterfly Intro/Emotions+10/10A really good openingFantasy(featuring ODB)10/10another good performanceDreamlover 10/10great performanceMy All 9/10good, but incomplete, the complete version is betterI still believe+10/10one of her bestI'll Be There(feat. Trey Lorenz)9/10Trey messed up, Mariah was greatHopelessley Devoted to you(feat.Olivia-Newton-John)10/10another one of her bestWhenever you call(feat.Brian McKnight)+10/10another great performanceHoney 10/10another one of her bestHERO ++++++++10/10THE BEST PERFORMANCE,IT PUT ME IN TEARS, I JUST LOVED IT!!!!!!!VIDEOS:BUTTERFLY:+10/10one of her best videosBREAKDOWN:++10/10my favorite Mariah song, and my favorite videoTHE ROOF:10/10cool song, one of her best videosMY ALL:9/10it's a great song, but they should have not put it on this DVD, because it was already on the 1's DVD,they should have put Honey or one of her old videos(i.e. Emotions,Dreamlover,Vision of Love)OVERALL THIS DVD WAS GREAT AND IT IS WORTH YOUR MONEY PLEASE BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is not the worst sequel for a non-Disney movie i've seen ('Swan Princess 2' and 'An American Tail III &amp; IV is much worser!), the art direction is pretty, the two leading characters are both sweet and brave, there is a lot of action, but the pro is:Cheap songs, bad character animation, some missing characters, and a confusing story.If you love classic animated non-Disney movies from the 90's, you will with guarantee love 'Secret Of NIMH 2'."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "So much of what is classfied as 'prog rock' is showing its age, and time has not been kind. This opus by the ever- mutable King Crimson only sounds better with the passage of time, and it's taken me years to fully appreciate what Fripp and co achieved with this unusual collection. For someone accustomed to the melodic progressions of Pink Floyd and (occasionally) Yes, LTIA came as a rude shock with its abrupt dynamic shifts and uneasy mixture of delicacy and brute force. This is 20th century contemporary music par excellence, and is undoubtedly an acquired taste. Stick with it, and approach without expectations. This is the greatest example of that much maligned and often misunderstood genre called 'Prog'"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When I first saw the trailer to this film, I honestly wasn't impressed. It just looked like another pointless teen film (like &quot;She's All That&quot;). When I rented this film I wasn't expecting much. And when I watched it for my first time, I didn't get much. HOWEVER.. when I watched it again (a day later), I realized that this really is a great film. So what I'm saying here is, be optimistic about this film, or you may not enjoy it.Anyway.. in my opinion, this is a great teen flick!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "PETER PAN remains one of Disney's most fondly-remembered films.  Despite appearing in the same decade as Mary Martin's Broadway and television version, it is neither lessened nor ignored in comparison.Peter Pan (voiced by Disney's resident juvenile lead Bobby Driscoll) takes young Wendy (Kathryn Beaumont) along with Michael and John on a flight of fancy to Neverland, where you can never grow old.In their fantastic adventure, Peter and the Lost Boys battle the nefarious Captain Hook (Hans Conried), the bumbling Crocodile and the bloodthirsty Indians.The story deals with the abandoned dreams of childhood, a child's wish to remain young and the resentment of having to grow up.  James Barrie's story speaks to the child in all of us.This beautiful new DVD reissue coincides with Disney's new sequel, RETURN TO NEVERLAND, and includes a fantastic audio commentary, still galleries, DVD storybook and featurettes."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "What strikes me most about this album is its lack of nervous playing.  I love Rush's music, but there was always a sense that they were trying to prove themselves (to us? each other? the world?).  With this album, they seemed to have finally arrived at a well-deserved level of confidence in their skills, one that comes across both in their performance and song writing.  Particularly with respect to the latter, all of these tunes sound as if there was concerted effort to place their considerable chops at the service of \"the song.\"  No one member outshines the other; each is working together, and with each other, to create the best tune possible.  This combination of confidence, incredible playing, teamwork, and humility makes this a very special album.  What a joy it is to hear the potential in one's favorite band be realized."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Included on this DVD is footage from two concerts, two appearances on television's \"Austin City Limits.\" I thought this was easily the best of the three Stevie Ray concert tapes (DVDs) I've seen. All of them are good, however.Most of this is from the 1989 concert but I enjoyed the three songs from the '83 concert the most. They seemed to be the most intense and the most impressive. The latter adjective mainly describes his work on \"Voodoo Chile.\" To my knowledge, Vaughan is the only guitarist to successfully imitate the late-and-great Jimi Hendrix. (Although SRV's vocals aren't as good.)After 40-some minutes of rocking blues and rock, there is a change-of-pace and beautifully done jazz instrumental called \"Riviera Paradise.\" Featured on that piece is keyboard player, \"Reese Wynans,\" who does an outstanding job.This is a feel-good, great music and most of it would make for a good aerobic-workout music, too."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'm really a lucky man.Luckier enough to have this kind of work in my collection of cds, and now DVDs.This is an astonishing performance of one of the best rock'n roll bands ever.The performance of Jimmy Page is here,something i've never saw beforeand reveals all of the charismatic portrait this band ever had,specially among the brazilian youngers of my generation.The presence of Led Zeppelin music was a constant in my entire life.And what music!!!!!This is a fantastic gift to all of the new fans of good intense sensuous,amazing music.The performance of the band at &quot;Dazed and Confused&quot;is stelar!&quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot;perhaps the most beautiful music ever recorded.Finally,all of this musicis a journey since the light begining,until the catharsis at that triumphant final!!A gem of the modern music.Something to get always at a special place of any great musical cds/DVDs collection!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I first discovered Stevie on Austin City Limits. I was just blown away by his playing and singing.  I don't think I have ever viewed such a passionate player - Body and Soul.  There is not one wrong note -- it's complete bliss.  I was lucky enough to see him about four months before he passed, and it was the most fantastic musical experience of my life.  I remember it like it was last week.  He played with everything he had and it was beautiful.  I've been listening to him for years and I never get tired of him."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "John Denver's voice got better and better with time and it shows in his Wildlife concert. John's voice, music and lyrics take me to a unique place where no other singer or music can take me where there is peace, reflection, love for nature and life and all the best of it. His music is timeless; you can appreciate his voice and all the instruments unlike much of today's music where there is a lot of noise and you cannot fully hear and appreciate the voice, the lyrics and the instruments. Nothing like an acoustic concert like The Wildlife Concert to really appreciate and understand what real good music is. John Denver left a wonderful legacy with his music and his work; he was not only a great singer, musician and songwriter but also an environmentalist who was and will continue to be an inspiration to many."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was a fan of King Crimson from the release of the first album. I saw this band premier this album. I didn't like it at the time because it was so radically different than the first four albums. It has aged well. The mix of electronic instuments and effects with all the percussion is very interesting. Frip's soloing on 'Easy Money' is fantastic. I wonder if Fripp was subconsciously undermining the singer because John Wetton has a good voice but the performances and the recorded sound of the voice is just terrible but there's only three songs with singing. Regardless of the flaws the music is so creative and powerful."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A good film about a sadly bad organized/guided concert, courtesy of Mr. Ricky and Co.  One thing I can't understand about this sort of films about MUSIC festivals is that music sometimes is cut down to show the events that surround the concert.  For instance Miles Davis appears just 2-3 minutes (!!!) with his 1970 line up; Jethro Tull is clearly edited; Emerson Lake and Palmer appear on the former Laser Disc edition just a couple of minutes, later the company added Rondo, but where is the rest...  By the way once again the european DVD has more music than the USA one (where are Family and Taste second track)."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Liked Sammy's work with Van Halen and selectively his solo stuff. Love most everything Satriani has put out. Feel indifferent about the other two band members. Liked 3-4 tracks off the first Chickenfoot album to keep me interested and they still make it into my workout set list every once in a while.... My kid gloves off review of this album is not too kind. I don't hear growth so much as regression. The best two tracks on the album are Different Devil and Up Next, everything else is throw away. Different Devil is good but it sounds like something off a Hagar solo record, Up Next is the only song that reminds me the guitarist behind this album is one of the best alive. Only problem with Up Next is that I really don't want to hear Hagar's vocals on this one because the lyrics just disappoint compared to that great guitar work.Oh well, maybe the next one will be better."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I had pretty much given up on Rush ever since their Grace Under Pressure album. Though there were a few songs I considered decent (Big Money and One Little Victory for example) the rest all seemed like filler music to me. But then Snakes & Arrows came out and I said to myself with much reserved, \"hey, maybe they have found inspiration again\". It was a pretty good album IMO. But with the arrival of Clockwork Angels I'm fully convinced that this band is serious about putting out the great music we all know these guys create. Snakes & Arrows was no fluke!Warning: This work is not for folks who need light Sunday listening music, Nickelback\\Foo Fighters generic rock or bubblegum pop. It's like sitting down to a steak dinner and a heavy dark porter. When you're done listening you'll know you've had one hell of a feast.I give this album a 4 out of 5 only because nobody believes 5 out of 5 reviews even though this is a 5 out of 5 album."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Everyone is comparing this one to the first. Why bother, if you like these guys chances are you will like everything they put out, I know I do. After all, you have four longtime hard driving rockers that have been doing it for years. Sammy sounds as good as ever and Joe is one of the all time greats. The highlight of the disc for me is Something Gone Wrong, what a great song! Joe pours his soul out with his guitar playing in this song. Mikes backup vocals are tremendous here. A good mix of rockers and ballads on this disc. When you mix this album with the other it will make one great concert. It should be a great tour. I am just glad these guys are still making new music after all these years. Great Cd!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is an addictive listen, with nothing that you'll want to skip while listening. This band may call itself christian, but the music on this cd is accessible to non-christians as well. You won't hear god-this and god-that anywhere in the lyrics, which (I can tell you) is refreshing; as so much christian rock has an amazingly inspiring sound, but falls short lyrically. Buy this album now. It is one of the most solid releases the genre has ever known. And it will constantly find its way into your ears again."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought this because of rave reviews, but 75% is lip-synced junk or at best live singing over backing tracks. If you're an obssesive fan of CSNY and Sly & Family Stone like I am, then you have to buy this for their real live songs. That adds up to a great 10 or 15 minutes. The Rascals, Janis and a few others are live and decent, but wait till you can get this for $5 bucks, not $20. James Brown without his band! It's a crime against humanity. Most of this you will watch once at most.I mean Smith? They walked right out of the Billy Jack movie.Do you want to see David Steinberg and Lily Tomlin before they were famous, or funny? Some day Sly and CSNY will put out decent DVD's of all their live performances. C'mon Neil!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Whether you're a Pink Floyd fan or a David Gilmore fan, or just a fan of great music, this concert should be on your must have list. It's simply a magnificent display of artistic ability from David Gilmore. From acoustic to electric guitar, from old Pink Floyd songs to new Gilmore tunes, he covers it all masterfully. The supporting band is tight and what a pleasure to actually see a cellist jamming along with David and the band. If you like great music with equally great lyrics, then stop reading this and buy the DVD."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A fascinating film documentary of a signicant historical event.  Funny, poignant, and compelling.  The musical performances varied in quality.  Country Joe and the Fish, The Who, Santana and Jimi Hendrix were the standout performances.  I know The Who were not that happy about the show, but given they went on around sunrise it speaks more to the quality of what they were capable of at that point in their history.  I loved the announcements and audience interviews. Obvious accomadations were made to get the quality of sound and video up to Blu-ray snuff but well worth the editing in the end."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Overall I loved this performance, especially the performances of Domingo and Neblett.  Yes, she may have been overtaxed in the role at times, but for me the chemistry between the two of them was wonderful.  He with a soft edged machismo and she as the tough woman in the wild west but with an obvious feminine side.  I found both the characters very believable.  Carolli was acceptable but not great.  Wish it had been Milnes as in the recording on the DGG CD.  The production values are good but the age of this recording shows.  It definitely does not have the sharpness of more modern recordings.  I've not seen the La Scala DVD mentioned here but I've heard it on CD and while Domingo is as good as always, I find Zampieri's voice just plain ugly."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Although it looks great and what is there sounds great, Someone,I assume Jimmy Page, has made sweeping audio edits throughout the concert, jarringly restructuring some of the guitar work and \"fixing\" some of the \"mistakes.\" The good thing is that if you are not a dyed-in-the-wool Zeppelin fan--or just a casual one--you may not notice the copious alterations; however, if you've been rocking out to this show for years and know it inside and out, it is hard not to lament the changes when they, in most cases, neuter, or remove altogether, some of the swagger and spontaneity that crept into the original mix.I will keep my VHS, laserdisc, and original DVD release of this film and will retire this blu-ray and its revisionist audio mix to the forgotten dustbins of my garage."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Well thank God for Micheal Anthony and Sammy Hager! At least those two X Van Halen members are still making some decent sounding old school rock and roll. With Chad and Joe in the mix as well, it's gotta kick ass right? Well I'm happy to say that it does for the most part. You wont find any jaw dropping momemts here, but you will find great old school rock tunes. A pleasure to listen to and I'm glad Mikey and Sammy can still rock even at their age lol. Well done lads keep it up for as long as you can cause I'll keep buying if you're not dying!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This film, shot in Texas in June of 1995, features a whole host of talented musicians.  The littany of names is enthralling.  Buddy Guy, B.B. King, Bonnie Raitt, Jimmy Vaughan, Robert Cray and Eric Clapton, who was  nominated for best male rock performance in 1997 at the Grammys for his  performance.  Each musician performs his own incredible piece and the film  also includes each performer's reflections on Stevie and all culminating to  an incredible blues guitar jam with each musician having a solo.  Filled  with beautiful slides, riffs and solos and heartfelt thoughts each artist  pays tribute to Stevie Ray Vaughan in his own way. A befitting tribute to a  once in a life time bluesman."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I like this movie a lot because of the good performance and excellent photography.  Domingo's Alfredo is still good enough however, Stratas's Violetta is not good at all in Act I - her voice is quite annoying and it seems that she cannot adjust her breathing while she is singing - things become better when Germont shows up in Act II.  Sound quality is much better than that recorded in an opera house, so is the image quality.  It's a good choice for those who do not really enjoy opera (just like me) or who want to try something different."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a moving performance by a severely underrated band. I didn't really start to appreciate AIC until the last few years. This is a great bare bones performance of AIC playing their most important songs. This is a testament to the bands incredible power.The crowning point of this video for me was the performance of \"Down in a Hole\". This is a very intense song that seems to eulogize the life of Lane Staley.If you are like me you will find this video so enjoyable to watch that you will likely watch it often. This video will change the way you look at everything."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I haven't been able to stop listening to this cd for three days. it's got a very new sound to it,which is awesome. It's not bland or boring at all, unlike some cd's these days. All four of the band members are great musicians, and will be around for many years. Now i'm going to rate each song...[1. REBIRTHING.10/10 ] [2. THE LAST NIGHT.9/10 ] [3. YOURS TO HOLD.8/10 ] [4. BETTER THAN DRUGS.10/10 ] [5. COMATOSE.9/10 ] [6. THE OLDER I GET.6/10 ] [7. THOSE NIGHTS.7/10 ] [8. FALLING INSIDE THE BLACK.8/10 ] [9. SAY GOODBYE.7/10 ] [10. WHISPERS IN THE DARK.10/10 ] [11. LOOKING FOR ANGELS.9/10 ]."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Like most new Rush CDs, I had to listen to this several times before I could form an opinion.  This is a good Rush disc.  The music sounds great & there are many good songs.  Geddy's voice sounds more mature.  However, his vocals sound tired; that is the only way I can describe them.  While I am always happy to get new Rush material, I can't really point to a specific song/highlight on the disc.  There is just something about this disc that disappoints.  I can't put my finger on it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Slash has somehow managed to keep it going for over 25 years now.  Most people burn out by this point.  With his latest band, he yet again steps up to the plate and cranks it out of the park.  Apocalyptic Love, You're a Lie, Standing in the Sun, and We Will Roam are heavy standouts tracks from this album.  The other songs are great as well, those are just my personal favorites.  With the great Myles Kennedy on vocals, Slash has once again managed to snag one of the best voices in the business.  A credit to Myles, his lyrics explode from the first track and he doesn't stop until the last track. Not a lot of ballads on this (one song comes close). This is all about explosive energy, incredible guitar attack, and unforgettable solos.  Keep it up, oh top-hatted guitar god."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The title of this review is a slight exaggeration, but nevertheless this album has a classical element to it. Violins take center stage here, and permeate throughout. This album is definitely an acquired taste; the songs have very complex structures and have to build momentum. In many ways, this album is very bold, in the form of being very different. The standout tracks are EXILES and LARKS TONGUES IN ASPIC PART 2. EASY MONEY is good too, and features great bass work. I recommend this album for those who want a very progressive sound, and appreciate something totally outside the box. The violin really carries this album. The second half of the album is unexpectedly heavier than the first half."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The comic book and cartoon heroes come to life.Back when this movie first came out I was like 5 or 6,so I loved the Ninja Turtles from watching the cartoon and having the action figures.The movie is still enjoyable,even though I am now 19.The characters were develped very well,and the movie does a good job introducing the story of how the turtles came what they are.Besides the turtles and splinter,there is also Casey Jones and the Shredder of course.The movie is dark,made where it can be appealing to adults as well as children.The DVD version of the film is pretty cool!The picture in nice quality,not grainy,and you have your choice of viewing it full screen or wide screen.The sound quality is pretty good too.A real bargain and a real treat for Turtle fans."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A very good attempt by King Crimson on this set, using new singer, future Asia singer John Wetton, which is also on bass. Well anyways, this whole album is pretty inspiring with beggining to the end concepts. Starting with the title track which really rocks after the first 3 to 4 minutes of cymbals and xylaphones. Book of Saturday a little soft pretty good as far as sound goes. Exile a little more into the prog. My favorite on this album Easy Money, a lot here sounding as it could have gone on Dark Side of the Moon, as they were working on Money at the time, just a kick a** rocking tune with a kick a** beat to it. Then you get back into prog again with The Talking Drum, and the reprisal of Larks' Tongue in Aspic. Just a really good beginner album for those who never listened King Crimson, but heard of them. I would also prefer Three of a Perfect Pair too, very good and trippy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "An evergreen animated fantasy based on J.M. Barrie's beloved children's book, Disney's \"Peter Pan\" features dazzling hand-drawn visuals, excellent voice acting, and a winning score epitomized by the song \"You Can Fly!\" Rendered by Driscoll, Peter is refreshingly cocky, and even Tinkerbell has a bit of an impetuous streak; Hook, of course, is as dastardly as ever. Made by the same team that later created \"The Lady and the Tramp,\" this thrilling, imaginative tale bests the 1923 live-action original, and leaves most other versions in the (fairy) dust as well."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This latest (and hopefully not last) incarnation of Rush might not be my favorite, but I don't dislike it at all. What they have wrought in these past two albums with Booujzhe is what happens when true fans of music get together and have fun. I'm energized by the eager enthusiasm & anything-goes spirit infusing these songs.These may not be the trio's strongest songs in the discography but they are certainly well-built with beefy melodies and retro-good hooks. Rush still have the musical chops they had in the 70's. I'm not even sure if their younger versions could keep up!While lyrically a concept album, each song stands on its own musically. This is not the 2012 Overture. And it's no 2112 Overture either (it's no instant classic) but it is another solid piece of work by the band. And if steampunk has a sound, then this is what it sounds like."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Once upon a time, say somewhere between 1994 and 1997, I'm convinced that OASIS truly was the meanest, biggest and bleedin' greatest band alive. They held the world in their hands and threw it on a roller coaster ride, of which a piece is caught in this video. Noel Gallagher had the talent of 100 years of composers together, Liam had enough charisma for a millennium. Yes, it was there and then and today's Oasis perhaps only have the shell left ot these days - but it doesn't really matter, since the wonders this band made during these years (perfectly sumaried in this video) is enough for a thousand lifetimes. Even if they won't live forever, this will!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I love this video! I have played 'The Earth Song' so many times because the words move me so.'Blood on the Dance Floor' had me trying to dance like Michael.I wish that Michael and Janet had done more videos together. I love both of their voices and music style. I didn't like Janet 'giving the finger' in the video nor them using the 'f' word (the word is partially bleeped out), and especially since Michael was such an advocate for the children, but I guess we have to have a flaw somewhere.I really felt Michael as I listened to 'Childhood' and I wish that the public could have really known him; not just what the tabloids put out there about him."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you're a huge Aerosmith fan or like learning about great rock bands then I highly recommend this DVD!  Aerosmith is my favorite band of all time.  This DVD has 2 sides.  I loved learning about how much time goes into making an album and how they come up with songs.  I'll definitely be buying other Aerosmith DVD's and learning more about them since they haven't been on Vh1's Behind The Music in forever.  I highly recommend buying this.  It's definitely worth your time and money."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "There's not much to say here other than it's a solid Rush album. I did not start listening to Rush until late 80s/early 90s, so I never was exactly in love with their 70s stuff (though I later learned to like it).  The musicianship is great, as always.  Seeing them on tour a few years ago was one of the best musical experiences of my life.  I would definitely recommend that if you like their stuff, go see them live and damn the price of the ticket.  It will be worth it,  believe me."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Fritz Lang's first sound film is a masterpiece of dread and suspense. Hans appears almost like the children he victimizes, soft and weak, and his fear of exposure almost makes us pity him. You can't conceive of anyone but Lorre pulling off this tricky characterization.  Lang creates a Berlin whose layout seems designed to expose the molester, a city of shadows, blind alleys, and a million unseen, unsparing eyes. Seventy five years after its release, this film retains its shock value. Along with \"Metropolis\", an early pinnacle for director Lang."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Joe Satriani is capable of much more.  I think this album along with the first one proves that Joe just can't write actual rock songs (outside of his solo stuff) that are more than just mediocre.  Everything is just so bland and average.  I wish he would go back to doing Surfing with the Alien type music.  He was so great and inspired back then.  Anyway, I know people here don't like the comparison, but the new Van Halen Album \"A Different Kind of Truth\" absolutely destroys this waste of time.  I hope CF changes things a lot for their next album.  I will keep buying them, but I'm starting to lose faith that they will come out with anything decent in their current form.  I do think, however, the drummer is really good, and that shows on this album."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Peter Lorre is great  as the man who kills children.  M is an excellent film.  A man is killing children and the police are going after everybody with a record, so the criminals band together to find the killer to get the police off their backs. How these desperate characters work together makes a very compelling and suspenseful story.  Directed by Fritz Lang, who also directed the Sifi masterpiece metropolis, does a great job on his first talkie. Shortly after making this film Peter Lorre fled Germany and Fritz Lang followed shortly there after as both men were Jews.  I would highly recommend this movie.  It is in German with English subtitles, and after a while you don't mind reading them."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This animated featured, directed by Don Bluth, is an unforgettable treat for the entire family.  It follows the adventures of \"Fievel,\" a little boy mouse who journeys from Russia to America with his family, late in the 19th century, to seek a new life free of cat persecution.  (Some analogies are present here.)  During the storm boat trip, Fievel is lost at sea, and he finally washes up ashore in New York Harbor, where he vows to find his family.With the voices of Dom DeLuise, Madeline Kahn, Nehemiah Persoff, and Christopher Plummer, this story will warm your heart.  A highly recommended movie!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is pretty good..including all the great Simon and Garfunkel classics.  Hard to believe the recording was made 22 years ago. Where has the time gone?  Holy Cow!!It seemed like they rushed through a lot of the songs, apparently to keep the crowd energized.  The slow songs, like \"Bridge Over Troubled Water\" and \"April\" were the best. Art Garfunkel's vocals, what he adds to vocal harmony is what makes Simon and Garfunkel.  Sure Paul Simon is good, but I'm more of a Garfunkel fan.GOOD BLAST FROM THE PAST.  IN 1982, I WAS ONLY 22 YEARS OLD...YIKES."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I notice there seems to still be this competition with some VH fans that won't die and never will so I thought I would put my two cents worth in here.I love the new Van Halen record ADKOT but that does not mean I am suppose to dislike this record like some people have decided, they are both great! I do favor the new VH more but that's not to say this is not an excellent record IT IS! I was and still am a fan of VH with DLR and Hagar and now Chickenfoot as well it's nice to have this much good RnR these days we should all feel blessed we do! By the way for young ones still learning Sammys music check out his fantastic solo record Standing Hampton."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you haven't heard any of Carole's music since Tapestry, hold on to your hat.  Her style has evolved, but not unrecognizably so.  And her wonderful voice and talent are the same.The Dolby Digital 5.1 audio quality is quite good.  The visual quality is high  enough to watch at a widescreen setting with only a tiny loss of sharpness.  Each song is a chapter, so you can easily go to a particular song.  My  only criticism is that the dvd is very dark in places.  I would have preferred softer lighting  on the stage with fewer spotlights and shadows.I loved seeing Carole at the piano for several songs during this concert. That's  the Carole that I remember.  But how fun it is to see Carole facing the audience, singing, dancing, and inviting them to join in on a chorus of one of the old  favorites.  This is a must-see for any Carole King fan."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Coppelia has always been my favorite ballet (to watch and to dance).My friend and I decided that we wanted to see the ballet again, after several years of not seeing it, so I went on Amazon to see what was out there.  I'm really glad that I chose the Australian Ballet's version.If you read the other reviews, yes, there are some differences from the 'classic' version of the story, but it's done really well and the dancing is phenomenal.  If you're looking for a great version of this ballet for your collection, pick this one up, you won't be disappointed.(this, from a professional ballet dancer. Well, 2 if you count the friend I watched it with!)  :-)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "G3 Live in Concert is one of the best concert DVDs I have ever seen!  Not only does it have the best guitarists on the planet but they all get to jam together at the end!!  Their virtuosity is a sight to behold!!  I am a fan of all three guitarists and I was in heaven when I saw this DVD chronicling their incredible talents!  Now don't get me wrong there are many fantastic guitarists out there but this concept of getting premiere players together is a great one!Their styles are so different yet you can see the mutual respect that exists among them as they all play together!If you're into guitars or guitar playing you'll be in heaven watching this DVD!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was shocked to see Tchaikovsky's classic danced exclusively by males.  One reviewer felt that the result was a \"human\"-- not merely  \"romantic\"-- ballet.  I saw it as a travesty of Swan Lake.  We all know that gays have contributed much to ballet, but Nureyev danced with Fonteyn in the pas de deux from Le Corsaire.  A gay agenda should not trump artistic integrity.  The superb pas de deux by Yulia Makhalina and Igor Zelensky in the other selection from Swan Lake did not remove the bad taste left by Adam Cooper and Scott Ambler."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I would give this five stars, but I can't in good concience. Venturing further into space than he ever did on star trek, shatner creates one of the all time best comedy/party albums.actually, the orchestral music is pretty clever throughout, and the rearrangements, while as cheesy as cheesy can get, are at least DIFFERENT sort of reinterpetation. it never gets old to hear shatner beller \"ONCE MORE INTO THE BREACH DEAR FRIENDS!\" as he misinterpets and misreads shakespeare.i just bought this today actually: i had a burned copy for awhile, but i saw this and had to buy. A must for fans of campy stupid crap, also a must for people who love shatner for all his talent and foibles. he has talent, i guess."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Jeff Buckley left this planet too early, and what remains of his work still lovingly haunts and mesmerizes fans. &quot;Live In Chicago&quot; is priceless, capturing the essence of Buckley's live shows.Anyone who was fortunate enough to catch a Buckley show while he was alive will tell you that it is an unbelievable experience. This video captures the show in it's entirety, including Buckley's between-song humor.Highlights? Impossible to narrow down. Really. The bonus features on this disc are great collector's pieces - 2 rare acoustic performances from a cable access show, and an electronic press kit are included.No extra hype here - no fluff. Just a straight-up Buckley show in all it's beauty, untouched and as real as it gets. If you are a Buckley fan, this should be number one on your wish list."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The first place I saw footage of this concert was on youtube and let me tell you I was blown away. The allman brothers band perform there best songs. So when I heard there was an official dvd release I was beside myself with excitment, That is until I read the reviews stating that this dvd only shows short segments of these performances intertwined with interviews and all I could think was WHY! why would the people in charge of releasing this do something so completely idiotic. This is a complete tragedy to think that this concert exsist in full on vhs but only in bits and peices on dvd. I can only hope that one day this company will have the common sense to release this in full as it was originally intended."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Notes accompanying the McCreesh/Gabrieli Consort CD of Theodora point to indications that Handel considered this oratorio his finest work in opera or oratorio. That is certainly my experience with it, and this DVD of this Sellars/Christie operatic staging of the oratorio is my favorite presentation of it, one I go back to again and again. As one would expect with Christie, the orchestration is all one could ask for and is matched by the quality of the singing. Sellars' modernist, minimalist staging works seamlessly to enhance the drama of the storyline. And to my surprise, the Sellars USAF/contemporary dress costuming works exceptionally well (except for the scenes where over-the-top pressure control gear is added to the USAF flight suits for the Roman troops--I can only think that the extra gear came as a package deal with the flight suits and Sellars couldn't bear not using it).To fully appreciate the all round quality of this production, just compare it with the DVD for the Bejun Mehta interpretation of Theodora."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought this CD for my baby daughter to try and help her fall asleep and it works wonderfully, she loves it!  The music is from all over the globe so there is a diverse range of sounds, but it is all pleasant.  I have listened to the CD over and over again and still I am not sick of it.  I also like the liner notes.  These songs are about such interesting things.  For instance one talks about children being afraid of foxes coming and another talks about how both the baby and the cat have golden cradles, but that the baby's is nicer.  I really recomend this CD."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "...the rest is really just Paul and Gene mugging into the camera.  This is truly the era of KISS where Paul and Gene felt that the make-up days were the past and the present was where it was at.  Fast forward to 1995.....the make-up was where the $$$ was.If you want a pretty good compilation of KISS videos then this is a good buy.  That's about it.  The \"interviews\" with Gene and Paul are arrogant and insincere.  They both take verbal shots at Ace and Peter for no good reason.This DVD is just average.  When will they just start putting full concerts on CD/DVD?"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is truly a good Doors DVD. You get all their music videos.The 1968 Hollywood Bowl performance. A newly found print of Unknown Soldier which is a very beautiful video. The colors in the video really stand and out. There is also commentary on the main program and other partsof this DVD recorded with the surviving members of The Doors and Bruce Botnick. Very interesting commentary for a die hard Doors fan. This DVD went out of print a few years ago. Once i found that out i was going to buy my copy here.I guess Elecktra found some more copies of this on DVD cause Sam's Club was selling it in the summer of 2009. I quickly grabbed up a copy. All i can say is the videos have good sound. I think you can play the music vids and other programs in 5.1 surround sound."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This album is a great album for your collection.  I have known skillet for a long time and have all their cd's and I recommend it.  If you struggle with drugs or know someone that does the song \"Your Better than Drugs\" is a good song to listen to or to give to someone to listen to.  I personally know people that this album has helped them through struggles they are having in life and not only that the music is just very well written and performed if you have ever seen them live.  SRE records has done a great job with this release along with Disciple, Decyfer Down, Jonah 33, and Flyleaf.  Skillet's Comatose album is by far their best so far in my opinion and God is using it for His benefit."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Viva Las Vegas was a great purchase, and I'm so happy to have it in my collection. What makes it fun is seeing Vegas back in the day -- I could just imagine Frank, Sammy and Peter Lawford lurking in the background!If you're an Elvis fan, you already know how great this musical is. If you are not familiar with The King's movies, this one would be a great place to start. The fact that Ann Margaret's dance numbers in Viva Las Vegas have been so frequently immitated speaks for itself.Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "One of my favorite Scooby-Doo movies that I like to repeat view (again and again).A Pup Named Scooby-Doo ended in 1991. The forgettable Arabian Nights movie appeared in 1993. The live action theatrical release Scooby Doo and new series What's New Scooby-Doo? would not brighten our days til 2002. Thank goodness Warner Brothers took pity on us Scooby fans and released Zombie Island in 1998!Adrienne Barbeau and Mark Hamill lend their voice talents to this excellent release. I like that they made the monsters real this time. This is an excellent first release for a new generation of fans."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Come on, guys. This is just about as good as you're gonna get nowadays. Yes, the ol' girl is past her prime. Yes the tenor is squally. But when will you hear a better cast? Not in our lifetimes, I'll bet! (Though try the Opera D'Oro CD with Corelli and Sutherland.) The production values are pretty good. Orchestra is fine. Most of the cast hit most of the notes. Let's just admit that we don't have singers anymore who can perform &quot;The Night of the Seven Stars.&quot; If you want to see this opera, this is it. Okay?"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Designed in the Disney hay-day of great movies like \"Fantasia\" and \"Song of the South\" this shows what animation and great music was and could be now with a little effort.The story which is a little easer to take than the book chronicles the life of a young prince \"Bambi\" his friends and how he grew and matured.  He passes through many rights of passage and takes his place in the forest society.The down side of the story is the demise of Bambi's mother which though innovative for the time traumatized many children. To this day you hear it is a classic \"but I can not bring my self to watch it.\" How ever this presentation is more of a symphony based on the characters from the story in the Disney tradition.Many of the uncredited voices were of famous people; many of them were famous after this film was made.Lady and the Tramp (50th Anniversary Edition)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Unfortunately I was not around when Janis hit the scene, however, watching this video makes me realize who she was as a person and entertainer.  I really love this and could watch it over and over.  I like the way they did the video- it has mixed studio sessions along with live performances and interviews with Janis all sprinkled together throughout.  Just listening to Janis talk is very plesant since you get the feeling that she was a hurting sole deep down but extremely intelligent as well.  She really knew how to rock a crowd though and all her performances- she gives it her all.  Many times after a live performance you see the audience come to their feet and clap.  I hope in the future they come out with more of these videos of Janis or at least put this on DVD- it's so neat to watch! 5/5 definitely"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I would highly recommend this for anyone who is 50+ years old and remembers what it was like back then.And for the under 50 folks you will appreciate the love and happiness of the baby boomer generation and how much music has changed.Especially all the technology available today was unheard of back then as you will see from the DVD.I suggest you buy this for a \"collectors item\" as I am sure it will be a valuable investment for the younger peoples portfolio.Also a lot of the artists were the best of the best and some have passed away and some are still performing."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "There is no possible way you can give this a one star review for its awfulness, because there's just no point. You absolutely have to give it 4 or 5 stars on its entertainment value alone. I, like millions of others, grew up watching Star Trek, but I would recommend that people become attached to Captain Kirk before listening to this puppy, because you will either cringe or throw yourself off a bridge if you listen to 'The Transformed Man' and then watch Star Trek. It'll just ruin everything. Now I must say Shatner wasn't quite as bad as he seems with the poetry filler, but I just listened to this album a month ago and haven't stopped laughing. Trust me, with 'Mr. Tambourine Man' and 'Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds' in your life, done in the drunk-as-hell Shatner style, you'll live longer."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am a big Tina Turner fan who personally thinks she sounds better on record, than live.  This concert is enjoyable, but after awhile her voice is annoying because she tends to scream.  Tina has a good voice, but not great, in my opinion.  Her studio recordings have always sounded better probably because she can do them again and again until she gets them perfect. Concerts don't allow such luxuries.This DVD is available in a 5.1 surround sound version, or DTS version.  I have the 5.1 surround DVD and it is more than adequate.  I have to ask why the concert wasn't filmed in widescreen to give the viewer more of a feel for the concert.The DVD also includes a lengthy interview with Tina where she discusses each track of the then new album &quot;Wildest Dreams&quot;.  The interview, while promotional based, is very enjoyable and contains video excerpts for each album track."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Don't be fooled, this is a great album, has a rythm and blues feel to it, the lyrics are cool. You can feel these guys had fun writing this album. Completely disagree with the 1 Star ratings or for that matter anything less than 3 stars, some people have anger issues. The music is great, definitely better than some of the older Sammy albums. It's a bit different, laid back, it's all Sammy Hagar material here, nothing surprising, and in no way are these guys selling on their big names alone... can't wait to see them again in concert."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the best movie! I love it, and I just finished watching it. It's exactly like the movie I watched on TV as a kid. It's not edited or anything. The front picture is misleading, if you look at the back of the DVD it's more true to form. It's a great inspiration to me, I couldn't be happier with the film. I bought one for twenty four dollars and it was hard to find. This is more organized, and classically done. I wish I had this one instead, but I bought this because my family loves this film. Espcially my brother, and now we both have one this is the best."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Impressive product for AC/DC fans!  Paris show content is wonderful; the concert was captured very well, highlighting the entire band while giving the spotlight to Bon and Angus when appropriate.  The film is easy to watch; it doesn't bounce around from shot to shot too often.  And the sound is great!Terrific tribute to Bon as this was the pinnacle of his career, and was captured shortly before his untimely death.  Extra content is okay.  Most is present-day tributes by various artists and critics which can get a bit redundant.  Documentary-style content of the band as it was during original filming gives us insight as to the humility of 5 working-class musicians just trying to have fun.Print content is wonderful history for those of us that don't know everything there is to know about the band.Amazon fulfillment was perfect as expected.  Product was available and shipped promptly upon order, arriving in new condition when anticipated."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "[One CD, with a running time of 44 minutes.] Ah...this wonderful CD shows off Enya's silky smooth voice. The eleven tunes are hauntingly beautiful. I won't try to categorize her music, it is simply too rich and complex.The paperwork includes the words to ten of the songs (The Memory of Trees is a musical number), and two nice color pictures of Enya. (I love extras!) So, if you like Enya's past hits, then I think that you will like this one as well. Buy it!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Some of the reviewers here dont understand this DVD,It starts off saying it's a Docu-Drama and that says it right.  It pretends to be a interview of two outragious guy's living in a strange place.The interviews are comedy sketches and pretty funny.The Paul Stanley mansion is sorta like the Playboy mansion with hot babes are around and Gene Simmons libes upstairs and it's large and gothic, very good writing, it's more like a well made low budget movie with music videos inserted in.Speaking of videos, there is a good stock of videos included from the mid 80's to the early make-up performances. Some of the videos are \"Tears are Falling\", \"Lick it Up\", \"I Love it Loud\", \"All Hells Breaking Loose\", Heavens on Fire\", \"Beth\" and more.A+ video, get it!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When I first got this movie, I was expecting a stupid, cheesy \"Puff The Magic Dragon\" wanna be kind of show.  It was only purchased because it was one of those deals...of \"Buy this movie with this other movie\".  And it was listed with the movie of \"Heidi's Song\", so I figured, \"Why not?\"  It stayed in my collection and collected alot of dust for a several months.  Then one day I decided to put it in and see how bad it really was.  To my surprise, it turned out to be an OK show.  It wasn't great, but it wasn't as bad as I was expecting either.  So all in all, it was OK."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Being a casual fan of Alice in Chains and a major fan of grunge, I bought this DVD on a bit of a whim, not really knowing what to expect. Let me just tell you I was blown away.Listening to their other songs, I can say that the unplugged renditions they give here are their best ever. For all their musical talent, some of their production sometimes seemed to be lacking, with either the vocals or instruments being drowned out. In this performance, everything seems to blend together so perfectly it seems odd to hear the non-acoustic versions of these songs.If you were thinking about getting one of their CDs, I suggest you try this DVD first. Skip the CD version of this album, because actually seeing them perform completely changes the experience. Now, 2 years after the death of Layne Staley, this beautiful music is more important than ever."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Unfortunately there is not a lot of Neil Diamond available on video. Greatest Hits Live is rather hit and miss. Filmed before a small audience at the Aquarius Theatre in Los Angeles in 1988 it appears that Diamond was just going through the motions.The performance, while it does include some of his best work, seems oddly disconnected and lifeless. The mix is adequate but nothing special. There are times when the camera cuts to a member of the band and you can't really hear the instrument he is playing.I have seen Mr. Diamond twice before and I know that there are better performances out there. The song selection could have been boosted to add some more of the classics.All in all you need to take what you can get but this DVD is disappointing."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Anyone who knows Woodstock through the audio releases or the original video will find this a great update.  The performances are enhanced with Blu-ray quality, the sound is greatly enhanced and the extras are a sweet addition to the package.If you're like me you've probably owned several versions of this recording.  This is likely to be the definitive version, with lots of extra footage that included performances and footage I had never seen before.  It was a bit pricey, but all things considered, this is probably about as good as it will ever get and I couldn't pass up on the opportunity to have this in the superior Blu-ray quality.Woodstock was the event of a lifetime, certainly one of history's defining events that deserves to be enjoyed again.  This is the perfect way to do it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a &#34;cleaned up and expanded&#34; version of the 1976 release.  The sound, arrangement, and bonus material are fantastic.  I have fond memories associated with the original version and this new version only adds to those wonderful memories.  Some fans and critics have stated that these concert clips do not represent Zep at their best.  But, for me, I think they still stand head and shoulders above anyone else --- both in terms of musicianship and entertainment.  Unfortunately, I never had the chance to see the band live, but through this DVD set, at least I can imagine."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Peter Lorre is the psychopathic child murderer who turns a whole German city upside down trying to track him down. The underworld gets in on the chase after the police, in doing their job so thoroughly, harass them so much they can't conduct business as usual (pretty funny when you think about it). Thus we have a race between the cops and the crooks to see who'll find Lorre first. The crooks win after getting a tip from a blind balloon seller (the blind leading the blind?).Any other director might have been satisfied with this ironic satire, but Fritz Lang goes after more: Lorre is what really interests him, the workings of a psychotic killer, the uncontrollable drives, the fear, the guilt. And Lorre, sweating profusely, eyes bulging, makes us feel what it must be like to be trapped in who he is. That is what makes this film so memorable. A great movie. Definitely worth a watch."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Ananiashvili has the confidence that comes from knowing that she does not have to compromise with the laws of physics.  The rest of the company-- and I dare say the orchestra (it's Japanese)-- is not world class but good enough, but it is the prima ballerina \"natural\"  who rates five stars.  (Rothbart actually bops Odette on the noodle accidentally with his hand in Act 3.)  Particularly noteworthy are Ananiashvili's beautiful long arms, which undulate like fronds in subtle undersea currents.  She understands her characters, stays in character, and is charismatic.  See also her vivacious performance in Don Quixote."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "David Gilmour shines in this wonderfully produced and filmed live concert.  Every song is special.  If you like Pink Floyd or just good guitar, this is a must buy.  The extras are also quite spectacular.  Hearing David sing a Shakespeare poem was a real treat.  The home movies really give you insight into his life and music.  Oustanding!  Then, of course, there are the funny bits!  Like when Bob Geldolf can't remember the words for Comfortably Numb and has to read them off of paper!  OMG!  He really needed paper!  Thankfully, that was an extra and not part of the main concert footage.  Buy and enjoy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Good show from Tom and the boys (and girls).  The video itself is dark but it is 25 years old.  It's still very entertaining.  Also very nice to watch a concert video where they film the band much more than the crowd.  I don't buy concert videos to watch the crowds.  Besides the darkness I only have two other complaints, having a pre-teen and a teen I could do without the off-color word used a few times (f---).  Number 2 why do they have to roll the ending credits over the last song?  Couldn't they have waited until the concert was over?"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I always enjoy listening to Stevie Ray Vaughan's excellent guitar work. And it's an exceptional pleasure to watch as well as listen as he performs his fingertip magic. This DVD may not be the best in terms of audio and video quality or content production, but it's SRV. My rating is for the performance, not the production. As far as the production goes, I rate it 3.5 to 4 stars.Note:  I have no idea if there is a content or quality difference between the 1997 release and the 2011 release of this DVD. If anyone knows, please leave a comment."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This performance was taped 17 years ago so the video quality isn't that sharp by today's standards, but the audio is excellent.  The new building - The Chamber Music Auditorium of the Berlin Philharmonic - is beautiful and perfect for such a performance.  Mutter's playing is up to her usual lofty standards, and of course maestro Herbert Von Karajan (he and Mutter are my reasons for granting the five stars) is larger than life, although he was obviously beginning to weaken at this point and sadly needed assistance in standing.  (He passed less than two years after this taping.)  Also provided on the DVD are backgrounds on Von Karajan and the new auditorium.  Overall an excellent presentation of Vivaldi's masterpiece."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Janis contains footage any Janis Joplin fan will appreciate. There are roughly a dozen killer live performances that really show how she belted out that emotion, including songs performed at Woodstock, Monterey Pop, and  the Dick Cavett Show. There are also alternate versions of a few songs,  such as a slightly different &quot;Summertime&quot;. You get a glimpse into  the recording studio and even get to see clips from her ten-year high  school reunion. This video is worth every penny, especially since video of  Janis Joplin seems so scarce... all that I have found is Monterey Pop VHS,  Janis VHS, and the Woodstock DVD. Technically, I guess I could also count  American Pop."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a far better interpretation than the older Bolshoi performance that was recorded in the 1970s on murky Russian film stock.  The choreography and dancing in that version were dull to say the very least - cinematography and editing uninspired and choppy, respectively. It was also half an hour shorter than this performance.This newer version with the Australian Ballet is superbly choreographed and strongly danced.  It is perhaps the most virile ballet performance every captured on film or videotape. This is a videotaped performance and is overwhelmingly powerful and passionate.  The male dancers are all quite strikingly handsome and every movement is devoid of the \"elegance\" and effeminacy in the earlier Bolshoi performance.  This is rugged, but in its sheer masculinity, it is a tribute to the beauty of the male body in movement.This screams to be converted to DVD before the VHS goes out of print."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "German director Fritz Lang's first sound film was this haunting story of a child murderer (Peter Lorre) on the loose in a large German city.  It is a seminal film in the sense that it ranks among the first appearances of two genres: police procedurals and serial killer movies.  Lang's Berlin is an eerie place full of shadows and inhabited by a very well-organized underworld that is capable of launching its own manhunt for the killer when the police investigation makes things too uncomfortable.  Lorre's Hans Beckert is a pathetic figure that acts on his grotesque compulsions in total ignorance of the forces aligning against him.  His tormented speech toward the end of the film, when he has been put on trial before the mass of the Berlin underworld, shows keen insight into the killer's condition and mental state, almost eliciting sympathy for him.  This is a stark, facinating film."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Flyleaf has found quite a bit of success touring with bands like Deftones. Their lead singer is female, and she is tiny at that. But don't let that turn you off. This isn't another average girl fronted metal band, like Kittie. She is able to convey so much emotion into every song it is unbelievable. It is a very solid cd. No filler. I'm excited for their next one too, because I think they have tons more potential. I mean, they've already sold over 500,000 copies of this one, which is pretty darn good. I don't think that everyone will like them, though. But if you're looking for something different as far as vocals go, try them."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "there last one snakes and arrows & this album was to me are 2 pf there best album since presto.id say i love probably 10 of the 12 songs.at least 5 could be played live with there classic hits!gettys voice isnt what it use to be but his voice is mature and sounds great.great riffs,drums,bass and solid song writing.and to me i will be listening to it for years to come and proud to put next to prestoand it sounds like most people who dont like the album is because of the compression which i dont blame them.you shouldnt need an audiophile system to have it sound good!luckly my tube amp gives it that added analog sound.BUT if your judging the album quality by mp3s you must be shot in the HEAD!at once!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A really exquisite movie that will make you laugh, cry, and keep putting it on again for moreThe movie is about a girls school in Paris and the adventures of 12 adorable little girls, with the cutest and most interesting of all being the plucky flame haired little tyke, with a heart of gold Madeline (Hatty Jones).With adventures taken from the timeless books, including little Madeleine's appendicitis, and her rescue from the water by the golden retriever Genevieve, the centerpiece of the story is the battle of the girls and their loving guardian Miss Clavel (Frances McDormand) to keep their school and their dog, against the cruel plans of Lord Covington (Nigel Hawthorne) and also foiling a thuggish tutor cum kidnapper Leopold (Ben Daniels)This is really beautiful, not only for kids, but for all young at heart aged  2 to 122 years of age.There are just so many wonderful memorable heart-stealing scenes, funny cute and poignant."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Simply, one of the top prog records of all time.  Hard to get into at first, but every listen penetrates your soul until you get fully addicted to one of the most gifted and original rocK groups of all time.  Specially  interesting to guitarrists, bassists and drummers. This line up can hardly  be any better in creativity and chops. Also recommended: Red, Starless and  Bible Black, and Discipline studio Cd's.  There is also a recent wonderful  live compilation called Cirkus."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Comatose is a collection of lyrically clean rock.  The sound ranges from hard rock to pop sounding, but most of it leans toward the harder end of the spectrum.There are a couple of songs that are rather Christian oriented, but in most of them that part is pretty subtle.  Some of the songs that are dealing with spiritual themes sound like they could be dealing with love relationships between people unless one follows the lyrics closely.One song that is very relevant to relationship issues that many face is 'The Older I Get' in which songwriter/lead singer John Cooper sings about the healing of his relationship with his estranged father.'Better Than Drugs' is a great song with very good lyrics.  Another top notch song is 'Rebirthing'.  It is power rock at its best.I would definitely recommend this for anyone who enjoys hard rock including any parent who is looking for a CD with a positive message for a teen who enjoys hard rock."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was hoping this would be a decent video about potty training.  It jumps around too much from character to character and from process to process.  Addresses washing hands before it addresses using the potty which it called a toilet and let's face it few kids / parents call it a toilet so that is another thing that irritated me.  I have always hated that shadow chick, and she is really annoying in this series.  And the \"potty time\" song with silloute stick figures is just plain stupid.  There was only one redeeming scene in the actual bathroom with the little brown bear, but the rest of this was total [...].  It is going in the next yard sale."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Here's me a young adult of 20 years and a listner of heavy metal reviewing this so-called kids film but it had and still has much of an effect on me.  I loved this movie when I was younger and still love it today beacuse the story is just so compelling and magical.  The animation is excellent and the voices also but the story and atmosphere in the movie are just majestic. It's such a great adventure battling eternal questions such as good vs evil and logic vs magic it has great messages for children and adults alike. All should see this movie."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the first time I ever saw these three guys playing guitar. Satriani, Johnson and Vai. Each of them play 3 songs, and at the end they all unite and play together 3 more songs. This DVD is killer. The quality of the sound is just so good that you think you're listening to the CD. I sometimes turn on my surround sound and play this DVD and makes me think WOW! This is a must for any serious fan, or for anyone who loves guitar music. If I could give it a 10 stars, I'd give 10."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "You can fly You can fly, you can fly!!!! Where the imagination can take you into far away lands you'll never forget TinkerBell! Don't we all love her! I'm troubled by the depiction of native americans though. What makes the red man red? I think this is the only set back to the film there's some prejudice there that I'm not happy with. Don't we all wanna stay as children? We all miss our childhoods. This film is by far one of the best films to relive your childhood."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The other 4 and 5 star reviews speak for themselves.  I'd like to correct a few misconceptions about this DVD, though.  Anyone who thinks that &quot;The Late Great Johnny Ace&quot; in not included on the DVD has not watched it all the way through.  Although not listed on the tacklist, it comes on right after &quot;A Heart In New York&quot;.  Another criticism was over the inclusion of seven Paul Simon solo tunes.  Paul Simon wrote almost all of S&amp;G's material.  In my book, any Paul Simon song that Art sings on is a S&amp;G song.  By that standard, there are only two Paul Simon solo songs.  Plus Art sings solo on two S&amp;G songs and his own &quot;A Heart In New York&quot;.  So I think it evens out pretty well."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Bambi (Two-Disc Diamond Edition Blu-ray/DVD Combo in Blu-ray Packaging) is a classic Disney movie that has one of the most sad moments of their movies, i.e., the death of Bambi's mother. The animation is amazing and it truly is one of the Disney's classic movies. Right up there with other amazing animated movies such as Snowwhite, Cinderella and Dumbo. The storyline is well-develped as well as the characters. This is a movie that will be enjoyed by children as well as adults for generations to come. Highly recommended. 5/5."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "In 1994 Tony Bennett reestablished himself as an icon for the MTV generation. He appeared on the network's Unplugged in support of his new albums Perfectly Frank and Steppin' Out. In so doing he endeared himself to a new generation of fans and received critical attention the likes of which is usually reserved for new rock stars.This disc is a record of the show. Bennett accompanied by the Ralph Sharon Trio perform twenty-one classics from the great American songbook all done in Bennett's cool sinature style. Highlights include a truly unplugged Fly Me To the Moon, It Had to Be You, Rags to Riches, and the signature I Left My Heart in San Francisco. The disc includes duets with Elvis Costello and k.d. Lang.With a run time of only 72 minutes the disc gives the audience a chance to experience one of the world's great entertainers and leaves them wanting more. This disc would also serve as a great introduction for new fans. The disc is presented in fullscreen with Dolby Surround sound."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The historical significance of this video is when Jimi arrived at Monterey  he was an unknown and before the concert Black artists in Rock music besides Arthur Lee of Love were big at that time in the &quot;Soul&quot; catagory only.  Hendrix understandably  nervous came thru big time and broke all stereotypes.  Monterey is clearly his best concert video for entertainment purposes with Jimi playing behind his head, the burning antics at the end, his funny comments between songs and the audience reaction to seeing him for the first time.  Also included in this film is some good background information on the Monterey Pop Festival by John Phillips.  If you're looking though for straight guitar playing, Jimi is better at &quot;Berkeley&quot;."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I cannot express in words how awesome this dvd set is. They did an excellent job with it in every way. The sound will blow you away, especially if you have a 5.1 system (you don't need it, there is a regular stereo sound option too) but the surround sound is insane.The extras are all top notch - stuff you actually want to watch. I have to say that this is probably the best music DVD purchase I have ever made - the content, the packaging the little booklet - it's all of the highest quality. Very highly recommended!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This adaptation of Verdi's opera La Traviata is simply sumptuous and a lavish production. Never before than an opera is transformed into a beautiful film. Ms.Stratas and Mr. Domingo performed and sings with pure gusto and it is a sheer delight. Set designs and costumes are a credit to the production and director Zeffereli excels in his delivery of this opera and presents it as a movie experience. Music performed by The Metropolitan Opera orchestra conducted by James Levine and the music thoroughly shines all the way through.I truly enjoyed this film experience and enjoy the music and performance."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The only reason I would rate this down a star is that I'm disappointed in the 5.1 mix (should say 3.1) as there's absolutely nothing coming from the rear speakers.  The sound is quite good for what's there & the picture is AMAZING, great HD transfer there.  The sound should be much more powerful considering the band involved, but have been waiting for this on DVD for eight years so not complaining too much.  Really pleased to see this old Bon footage finally put out in this format.  Da' Wolf"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "From his wit, warmth, and brilliantly precise and accurate use of language, to a band that cannot be topped, as a whole or as individual players, this is a transcendent performance.  His voice is gorgeous, his use of words sharp and equisite, so apt no other words could do, and his demeanor joyful and welcoming.And that's the singing part of it.As great and seriously fun are his thematic interludes and poems.Stellar all around.Difficult to find, prices at premium, yet worth every penny, dime, and dollar."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "\"Woodstock\" is a nearly four-hour kaleidoscope of unremitting fascination. Musician and \"man/woman-in-the-street\" interviews are interwoven with concert performances, all of it presented in the then-ground-breaking format of multiple on-screen images. The divergent outlooks of adult town residents and visiting hippies shed an amusing light on what used to be termed \"the generation gap.\" What everyone seems to share, regardless of age, is sheer awe at the enormous influx of humanity that fueled this largest of all \"happenings.\""}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Just got this last night, and I have to say it's stunning.  I purchased Woodstock as an excuse to purchase a blu-ray player, and I'm happy I did.  The colors pop, you see detail you never saw in the original DVD.And yes, some of the songs have been \"repaired\" with added instrumentation, which I have NO PROBLEM WITH.  I suppose it would be immoral if they didn't tell us they did it.  But they told us.  They even made a video to show the process, which is pretty amazing.So quit complaining and turn it up!And oh yeah, groovy.Kaz"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Having never seen rage against the machine perform live, this is the closest I will see to that. The performances at concerts and festivels are energetic. and makes me wish that I had gotten the oppurtunity to see the band perform live. The video gives you the oppurtunity to see rage against the machine in action doing what they do best which was peforming live.The videos from their first two albums add a lot. With a lot of videos, your never got a change to see them on TV so it's a great chance to see their work with the visuals that the band added."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I know I am gonna offend a lot of Gilmore fans, but let's face it, Roger Waters at least has been keeping physcially fit.  The first thing that came to mind when I viewed this was, \"Gilmore has really let himself go.\"  It looks like he has spent his free time eating donuts, ice cream, pasta and McDonalds.  And to add insult to injury, he plays wearing an old shabby t-shirt.I mean, if you are bloated and overweight, try to at least compensate and put on a decent shirt.  It is painful looking at his grimace through his fat face.  David, I respect your talents as a guitar God, but please get in shape or your gonna die early and not fully appreciate what you have accomplished in life."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I think opera, as a tradition, tends to stagnate in, well...tradition. It's good that opera is also being expanded to the media of today. This for-film movie production takes all advantage that the video medium has to grant, without the limitations of a traditional filmed stage production. The acting is perfect (Domingo gets better every time I see him, and this performance tops the cake). The casting is very appropriate (Stratas is indeed the sickly prima donna!). Also, the cinematography and camera-work are the work one might expect from Hollywood, not from opera: superb!All in all, buy it for its creativity."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This sequel to \"An American Tail\" is a fine animated film full of Old West Americana; the stuff legends are made of. It is full of great characters and you may even soon forget that you are watching an animated film. The story and dialogue are that good! James Horner seems to have really come of age with this memorable score. It is as much homage to Copland as it is to the American West. This was James Stewart's last theatrical film. This is a good and entertaining family film, which expounds virtues of loyalty and honor. Highly recommended viewing!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Classic Disney movie on Blu-Ray, though not without a few reservations. There are screenshot threads comparing the blu-ray with the VHS and I feel that this bluray is a worthy upgrade without too many awful mistakes like on the Cindarella blu-ray or others like Little Mermaid (has been recalled), Robin Hood, and Sword in the Stone.  Luckily it wasn't edited or changed to make it any less-racist, so it's still the Peter Pan you remember :-)  But the transfer is a huge step up from the awful DVD that was released a few years back."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "As a fan of Rutter and the Cambridge Singers, I knew their take on Handel's Messiah was a natural for me. Although the sound of the Cambridge Singers has changed over the years, it has never lost its distinctive hallmarks, as on this recording. Rutter has a first-class group of young soloists, and I especially like the soprano and bass soloists. I know that Melanie Marshall might not be able to touch Anne Sofie von Otter's renditions of the alto parts on Pinnock's DG recording, but she gives a truly heartbreaking account of He was despised. Throughout, the tempi is brisk and bright, but yet the performance bubbles with conviction and commitment. Rutter also shines as a choral conductor, eliciting a superb overall sound from his choir and crafting avery nuance intricately in the manner of Robert Shaw. I think this would probably be one of my top dogs for Messiah, alongside Pinnock, Gardiner and the live Cleobury-King's College version."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I use to be a big fan back in the day, and I recall enjoying this video a lot. Many years later, I am not quite so enthralled as I once was. Most of Page's solos are pretty sloppy IMHO, and Plant is off quite a bit as well. Some decent performances (Moby Dick is probably the best), but most are mediocore. As for the dream sequences, a bit goofy, but not that bad. Some interesting footage worked in as well. Worth a look if your a fan, but I would prefer to see a better performance from these guys."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Flyleaf shows why they have consistency on the Billboard Album chart. Every song shows a passion that Lacey and the others have for the music. My favorites are \"All Around Me\" and \"Cassie\". I really love the acoustic version of \"Cassie\". Flyleaf displays their musical prowess by supplying acoustic versions of \"Fully Alive\", \"Red Sam\", \"Cassie\", \"I'm so sick\", and \"All around me\". If you haven't picked up this CD, pick it up. It is worth the money."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have to agree with the earlier reviewer that mentioned the bad sound recording on this DVD.  The visuals, of course, are as wonderfully Tina as expected.  I don't understand how and why the sound is so &quot;strange.&quot;  ... even though their are two versions (of the sound) from which to choose.  I'm not sorry that I purchased it, however.  This is my favorite Tina Turner concert.  The selection of material is perfection and the energy comes across like a volcano erupting.  I love Tina more than ever, and look forward to her next DVD."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Here on CD we have the \"legendary\" album by William Shatner.  You may have heard his ridiculous renditions of \"Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds\" and \"Mr. Tambourine Man\" on theGolden Throatsalbum.  Actually, both of those songs are excerpts of medleys, with \"Lucy\" being paired with a monologue fromCyrano de Bergerac, and \"Tambourine Man\" being paired with an obscure poem called \"Spleen\".  See, the idea was to show Shatner's acting range by having him play two different emotions on the same track.  Of course, this being Bill Shatner, he overacts every emotion.  This is a terrible album, but it is the Holy Grail for collectors of bad celebrity recordings."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A great introduction for those who missed out (like I did), but not so much a documentary or a concert. I supposed it is very difficult to fit 3 days into the time alloted, but it's oftentimes very difficult to watch as  some songs are cut short... the cameramen can't find the subject they're  shooting... the filmmakers often focus on mundane topics rather than  grabbing the full excitement of the event. Don't get me wrong - it's a  great piece of history - it just doesn't seem to capture the best of it,  IMHO."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Recorded in 1957 this session captures Coleman Hawkins and Ben Webster duelling on Tenor Saxophones. The standard is set on the opening track ' Blues for Yolande'. This is a steady driving blues. Hawkins takes the first solo and after two choruses lets rip on the 3rd chorus with as raucous a blues riff as you're ever likely to hear on a Tenor Saxophone.Whether 'Blues for Yolande' was the first recorded track I don't know, but it wouldn't surprise me if that was Coleman Hawkins putting down a marker. Of course later on Ben Webster gets a chance to shine with some of his brilliant breathy ballad playing.The rhythm section is Alvin Stoller on drums, Ray Brown on Bass, Herb Ellis on Guitar and Oscar Peterson on Piano. As the previous reviewer said these guys are as good as it gets.A marvellous album that grows on you with repeated listens."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I remember this concert well...but as they say of the '60s, if your can remember it you weren't there. I was a teen back then (September 1981) and like most of the hundreds of thousands of others there I was smoking myself a \"J\". Me and a friend got a good place as everyone packed in hours before the show. Then I had to take a leak. Unfortunately it took an hour of stepping over a mass of stoned people to find somewhere to go, and as the concert started I gradually found my way back.Mrs. Robinson starts it off. Then Homeward Bound, America, Me and Julio, Scarborough Fair, April Come She Will, Still Crazy, Late in the Evening, and it ends with Old Friends, Bookends, Sounds of Silence, and everything in between.It was a true musical happening."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I totally respect RUSH, and love some of their stuff like HEMISPHERES, FAREWELL TO KINGS, 2112 and FLIGHT BY NIGHT...but, it's been a long time since the last great RUSH album, that maybe is COUNTERPARTS(1993)....Since TEST OR ECHO, i think RUSH is not so inspired anymore, especially Neil Peart's lyrics....they are REALLY dark now....as musicians, Neil, Geddy and Alex are monsters!!!! Can't remenber many bands as techinical as RUSH...but the songs are not inspired...in fact, since SIGNALS(1982), RUSH started to create music with a kind of POP heaviness...i will stick with their legendary classic stuff like CARESS OF STEEL, PERMANENT WAVES and MOVING PICTURES!!!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I love Alice in Chains.  I literally grew up on them.  This show just captures the essence of what Alice IS, to be honest.  Layne's little blooper on 'Sludge Factory' was a nice reminder that celebs are people, too, they're not perfect.  And I'm not one to cry at songs...but 'Nutshell' had me sobbing almost immediately.  If you don't have this DVD, you're really missing out.  It's probably my favorite DVD of all time."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "THIS ALBUM LIKE OTHERS IS REALLY BEAUTIFUL, THE ALBUM STARTS WITH THE MEMORY OF TREES-A BEAUTIFUL INSTRUMENTAL &amp; VOICES, THEN GOES ONTO ANYWHERE IS, ANOTHER BRILL TRACK, PAX DEORUM IS VERY CLASSICAL IN SOUND, FROM WHERE I AM IS AN ELEGANT PIANO INSTRUMENTAL.  CHINA ROSES IS A BEAUTIFUL LOVE SONG HOPE HAS A PLACE REMINDS YOU OF PREVIOUS ENYA TRACKS LIKE EXILE &amp; EVACUEE. TEAHOUSE MOON IS A CATCHY KEYBOARD INSTRUMENTAL AND ONCE YOU HAD GOLD IS SIMILAR TO MARBLE HALLS IN SOUND AND THEN WE GET TO THE SPANISH TRACK: LA SONADORA AND TO FINISH IS THE UP BEAT TRACK:- ON  MY WAY HOME."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is probably 'RUSH's' best album since 'MOVING PICTURES'. The band plays this entire album in exact order on their brand new live Blu-Ray DTS-HD live concert titled appropriately 'Clockwork Angels Tour'. Since Rush performed the entire album 'MOVING PICTURES' on their previous live Blu-Ray DTS-HD live concert titled 'Rush Time Machine 2011- Live In Cleveland', I feel this has direct baring on how Rush feels about comparing 'Clockwork Angels' to 'Moving Pictures'. This was an appropriate release timing wise for their induction into The Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame and very probably pushed voters on the fence to finally vote them in. If you are a Rush fan but like their early material better than stuff they released in 90s and early 2000s, this is DEFINITELY a CD you should purchase. See also 'Snakes And Arrows' previous release Special edition 5.1 multichannel version DVD for even more outstanding Rush material."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If your kids love classic animated movies, without any computer effects, and too many intense scenes, then buy 'Charlotte's Web'!Debbie Reynolds are the charming and wise spider Charlotte, that saves the young pig Wilbur's life, Wilbur is perfectly voiced by Henry Gibson, all the songs gives the kids many lessons, just like all the songs in 'Land Before Time' do, the animation is not getting up beside Disney, but if you like old fashioned cartoons, 'Charlotte's Web' is a must have for all ages!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "for whatever reason with CHARLOTTES WEB it hasen't been digitally restored.this movie is just as good as any disney movie.but hasn't got the same treatment as one of their animated features,i don't knowwhy.i normally prefer the widesgreen versions of most movies but in the case of this original classic i believe the full screen is better its clearer and brighter.so until this movie gets a well deserved digital clen up full screen it is. the movie is as wonderful as ever great story for children of all ages.great music and a wonerful family film. the original classic dates back to 1972 but surpasses the 2006 live action nick remake."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Handel, when asked towards the end of his life what he thought his greatest work was, replied \"Theodora\". It's his next-to-last oratorio, and it is of such transcendant beauty that words fail to describe it. Everything that can be said about this performance has already been said better by others, so I won't even try. Peter Sellar's direction may not be to everyone's taste, but he had the vision to turn this English \"Oratorio\" into a viable stage piece, crucially giving Lorraine Hunt the opportunity to give her greatest dramatic performance. She's the star of this show, even if everyone else surpasses themselves as well. A sublime, overwhelming recording of Handel's greatest work. Not to be missed."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Flyleaf has a hard-edged sound that combines raw, aggressive rock with some interesting vocals.Although it is not a type of music that is my usual taste, this album has a couple of quite memorable songs.  The band also injects some substantial meaning to their music.  Most of the songs start off quite angry, but there is a resolution to them that turns them around.Some of their lyrics are clearly Christian; others are more indistinguishable.Although I might not recommend the full album, there are some songs that are worth checking out on ITunes or elsewhere to see if one likes this.  I suggest checking out the following:  I'm So Sick, Cassie, and All Around Me."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "First off, I would like to thank Amazon publicly for providing me with a copy & the opportunity to review this much-anticipated release.  The folks at Disney have pulled off a remarkable feat in restoring this 1942 classic.  Nary a bit of grainy picture nor the usual pops and blips that normally accompany films of this age.  It has been completely revitalized and the audio has been given the \"enhanced home theater\" treatment which means you can watch it in a great new 5.1 mix or a restored version of the original mono soundtrack.  I found the enhanced version to be much more preferable.  This would be a great addition to any Disney DVD collection and look forward to \"Cinderella\" in Oct."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This DVD is absolutely incredible and possesses one of the best images I've seen on a music DVD so far. The musical content is magical as Gloria Estefan takes us through her journey as a dance diva with 12 of her  greatest and latest videos including &quot;Oye&quot; &quot;Heavens what I  feel&quot; &quot;Don't Stop&quot; &quot;Turn the beat around&quot;  &quot;You'll be Mine (Party time)&quot; &quot;I'm not giving you up&quot;  &quot;Higher&quot; &quot;Everlasting Love&quot; all ranging from the years  94 - 98, 5 of these videos are taken from her already multi platinum  release &quot;gloria!&quot;. It also takes us behind the scenes of her  recent promotional tour of the album with a look at rehearsals for such  shows as VH1 diva's live and The world music awards. The DVD has also been  nominated for a Grammy for best long form music video at this years (2000)  ceremony. A must have and worthy addition to your DVD collection."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "NIN MUST HAVE: inside you will find two videos, unlabeled. one is the entire music video list (with the exception of ones made in the last five years) and the other simply footage. actually there is nothing simple about it and i have heard it called vulgar before.  However I do not agree.  It is full of on stage, behind the scenes footage that is to die for.  Definitely a must for all NIN fans, and a great, really, introduction to the guys.  My favorite piece of NIN paraphilia next to And all that could have been the vid and, in the same edition, the 2 cds- and all that could have been."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen play two six year olds named Julie and Sarah who are giving their mother a hard time. Their mom is single because her husband left when they were young. Now the mother is stressed and needs a vacation from being a mom and work. Julie and Sarah overheard their mom talking to her girlfriend that she needs a vacation. So the girls decide to go to their grandmas house which is in Edgemont. They pack their bags and go on the bus but; as it turns out that the bus doesn't go to Edgemont so they sneak into a delivery truck. Turns out the man that is driving the delivery truck knows Ronda, Julie and Sarahs mom, and has a crush on her. However he isn't a big fan of kids, so when he decides to bring them home two crooks end up stealing his truck full of Christmas presents and the adventure just begins."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "After listening to &quot;Starless and Bible Black&quot; which i thought was very good and had many beautiful moments, i was disappointed by Larks in that overall it sounded very dry and dull.  I fail to see what KC was trying to do when they recorded this album.  I wish they would have said something about that in the newspaper clippings in the albums liner notes.  Until i hear something about their purpose behind this album  i cannot apreciate this album from the standpoint of a music fan, there is just no emotion like there is in a Yes or Beatles recording.  &quot;Book of Saturdays&quot; is an ok song and &quot;Larks..pt.1&quot; is slightly interesting, but other than that i'm sorry i got this cd."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Given how Bambi is no longer a Disney hottie, I was thrilled to own it on DVD, and for our kids to meet some of the older Disney characters.  They love the book, and this film would be one of the first they read, then watched.I noticed some differences, though I don't recall it vividly since I've not seen it since its original theatre release. Still, I thought the older art form was well-maintained, and the story relatively intact.  Watching it now, I found the leap from Bambi's youth to maturity quite abrupt, and I recall as a child finding that somewhat confusing.  My little ones did, as well. It took them a few minutes to realize the new young buck was Bambi.In all, I think it's worth adding to a classic Disney home collection.  I enjoyed the special features, also."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Over the years, I have purchased most of John Denver's LPs and then CDs, and also observed several of his performances on television. (Regrettably, I was never in the audience at one of his concerts.) Recently I saw the PBS program during which the program on this DVD was recorded over a two-day period. Denver has never sounded better nor seemed happier than he does during The WILDLife Concert, totally comfortable playing a rich and diverse selection of older and newer songs. How rare and commendable that he makes each of the 25 seem so fresh. He is joined by immensely talented associates, notably James Burton, Jim Horn, and Pete Huttinger. FYI, this DVD and its companion two-disc CD include the previously unreleased \"For You\" which is not available elsewhere. I lack the talent to express how much I admire and will miss this talented and good man."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "She was young here,,, enjoy!!!1. Beauty and the Beast - Intro Instrumental2. Everybody's Talkin' My Baby Down3. Love Can Move Mountains4. If You Asked Me Too5. Only One Road6. Ce N'Etait Qu'un Reve7. Misled8. Think Twice9. Where Does My Heart Beat Now10. When I Fall In Love (with Clive Griffin)11. Refuse To Dance12. The Power of Love13. Beauty and the Beast (with Peabo Bryson)14. I Can't Help Falling In Love15. The Colour Of My Love16. The Colour Of My Love - Outro Instrumental"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is one of my favorite movies from my youth. The story follows the book reasonable close. What child won't want to have this adventure - pirates, Indians - being able to fly - this movie has it all!The picture is VERY good - probably as good, if not better, than when it was first shown in the theaters. I've owned this on tape, DVD and now blu-ray.The night scenes over London remind me of the ride in Disney World - quite simply they are beautiful.Some of the songs, notably 'You Can Fly', fits the story almost like they were written when the book was!This is a movie for the ages. Certainly this is a movie all childern (and those young at heart) should see several times in their life. The lessions it has are timeless as well.The movie came quickly and in perfect shape - all at a unbeatable price.I would rate this a very strong 9.0 to 9.25 out of 10."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is getting a little gimmicky - 3D glasses and images on the cover, 'Superband' status with all these big names - and nowhere near as powerful a return from the first album. It's an okay rock album, but something I cannot sit down and directly plug my ears and brain into. I have to have it as background noise while I am working. Don't get lost in the marketing gimmick of 'Hagar and Satriani', but still worth a shot if you have not heard the first Chickenfoot album. If you have heard the first album, don't get your hopes too high."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "He is simply the best performer I've ever seen and this final episode of his TV series shows his greatness and versatility: his musical range (up-tempos, r&b, rock, ballads, folk, country,...), mastery of multiple instruments including piano, guitar and harmonica; considerable skills as an impressionist and comic; astounding physical grace and dancing ability (in spite of a fatally damaged heart), and his repoire with the audience.  He got a standing ovation from the audience; you'll see why."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I picked this up because the local radio station, 897powerfm.com, plays some of this bands songs on the air.  I LOVE this entire CD!  What GREAT vocals and lyrics!  I am a new fan of this band and I look forward to picking up their EP and future releases.The best way that I can think of to describe them is Broomtree vocals with Tree 63 or Benjamin Gate tunes.  The lead singer's voice is incredible, I admit that I like the fact that a woman can yell like that.This one is going on my MP3 player and on my review forum at [...]"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you like music of the Strauss family, this is a superb concert with great sound from 1987. The concert lasts about 90 minutes, with very few  interruptions between pieces. The camera is mostly on the orchestra and  conductor (who looks like he is on his last legs) and the playing is  incredibly beautiful.  Kathleen Battle is on stage for the &quot;Voices of  Spring&quot; waltz and has a perfect coloratura for the part.  The sound on  the DVD is great and the program notes are good too.  This is a definite  buy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Many critics find the CD of this performance to be one of Karajan's worst, but I fail to fathom why.  Perhaps having the visual as well as aural changes the perception.  This is a stunning work.  The choral arrangements  are the strongest I have ever heard, not watered down like on Norrington's  9th.  Being able to see the singers makes the perception that much better.  I hope that in the future all classical music is recorded in this format.  It could certainly help pick up the lagging sales in the market.  It could  also revolutionize pop recordings, as artists could release an audio album  complete with accompanying videos.  This is where the Sony/Philips SACD  could really make an impact: artists could release a single disc which  would allow CD play of the music in cars, on portable stereos, etc., and  also allow audio and video in a home theater system.  Let's hope the  industry catches on!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This digitally restored Platinum Edition of the Disney classic breathes new life into the movie, putting it in front of a new generation of viewers with more vibrant colors that stand out and surround sound that will make you jump off your couch.As for the story, it really never gets old. Like Dumbo, Pinnochio or Bambi, one can watch it over and over and feel like the first day, when you dreamed alongside the gang, that you could fly to Neverland.The extras contained definitely make for an interesting complement, with the segment with Disney himself topping the list. As a package, if you don't already own the movie, it's highly recommendable, and if you do, it may not be a bad idea to sell your used movie and get your hands on this great collector's item."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Version: U.S.A / Warner / Region FreeVC-1 BD-50 / AACSAspect ratio: 2.40:1Running time: 3:44:19Feature size: 38,912,059,392 bytesDisc size: 39,450,524,539 bytesTotal bit rate: 23.13 MbpsAverage video bit rate: 17.24 MbpsDolby Digital Audio  English  640 kbps  5.1 / 48 kHz / 640 kbpsDolby TrueHD Audio  English  1919 kbps  5.1 / 48 kHz / 1919 kbps / 16-bit (AC3 Core: 5.1 / 48 kHz / 640 kbps)Subtitles: English SDH, French, Spanish, Chinese, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, German, Italian, Japanese, Norwegian, Korean, Polish, Portuguese, Swedish, ThaiNumber of chapters: 50#Woodstock: From Festival to Feature (SD - 77 minutes)#Untold Stories (SD - 143 minutes)#Customizable Playlist#Festival Opening and Closing (SD - 5 minutes)#The Story of the Sixties & Woodstock (SD - 5 minutes)#BD-Live features--My WB Commentary--Live Community Screening--Media Center#Amazon Exclusive Bonus Content (20 minutes)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This was my first time seeing anying by the Australian Ballet and I was very impressed.  Costumes and sets are beautiful.  Pavane and Horsman are very talented performers.  I really enjoyed the second act in the Dr's \"workroom\".  The members of the company who \"dance\" the various \"dolls\" are great especially the one who performs the floppy, unformed, unsculpted \"doll\".  Also worth noting is that a friend who knows nothing about ballet easily understood the story without help from me or any other source."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is what every filmmaker should try to produce.This film is difficult to rival.  It was and still is an influential movie that discussed reality with realism and never shied away from continual controversy.  One of the first films about a serial killer, with details ripped from the headlines and extras ripped from the streets.Peter Lorre is a genius in this film.  Even though you know everything, he still manages to illicit some sympathy from viewers.  Lang is excellent at creating a story that draws in his audience and captivates.This movie also solidified Edvard Grieg's \"In the Hall of the Mountain King\" as a terrifying piece of music.Although made in 1931, this film looks and feels well beyond its time.  This new edition of this film will ensure its legacy to continue well beyond as a masterpiece!Highly recommend for anyone, especially those who consider themselves cinema connoisseurs."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a totally great movie about The Grateful Dead. It really captures what it was like to see the Dead live in concert.Trust me, I know what I'm talking about. I used to be a total Deadhead. I saw them 587 times in concert.The only thing missing for me in this movie that I used to see during the actual concerts is the 30 foot tall talking turtle that used to sit next to me at most of the shows. That dude was awesome! He'd sit there and tell me stories about life in Giant Turtle Land and then he'd play air guitar along with Jerry's real guitar playing. Giant Turtle Guy was the best!Anyway, if you love the Dead, you'll totally love this movie. Get it and get a Grateful groove on..."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Prior to the release of the marvelous \"Live At The Royal Albert Hall\", this DVD is also something special. Biased as this review may be, since I am a fan from David Gilmour from his first solo release to his last effort \"On An Island\". The acoustic versions of some well known songs, \"Shine On You Crazy Diamond\" for instance, gives this set a feeling that you are witnessing an artist filled with divine inspiration and good taste. The DVD includes performances by Richard Wright and Michael Kamen, both brilliant musicians that departed too early!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have been a longtime skillet fan, and i am so shocked by all the reviews for this album. Ever since Skillet got a tad bit of mainstream success a few years ago, i have been so over this band.But when I heard Rebirth, I became interested in Skillet again. But when I bought this album, I quickly got tired of them again. John Cooper (Lead Singer) is married to keyboardist (Korey Cooper) and yet the album is all about broken relationships. So does that mean that the married couple is having trouble and just staying together for the band or what. I am so confused by that, and then I remembered if anyone christian band wants to be a secular artist it is Skillet, and I just figured they're trying to be more mainstream.If anyone knows anything about the Skillet history, you know that they just keep jumping from genre to genre and this guy here won't buy into it again."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This release was taken from their two shows at Earl's Court and Maine Rd in England.Kicking off with the jam fest that is known as &quot;The Swamp Song&quot; and then smoothly gliding into the duet &quot;Acquiesce&quot;, this is a good indication that the boys know how to rock.There isn't a sour note to be found here especially when Noel sits down on his stool for another rendition of &quot;The Masterplan&quot; or his otherworldly guitar solo in &quot;Champagne Supernova&quot;.It was a bit odd to see Oasis perform &quot;I Am the Walrus&quot; with a Beatles look-a-like, tribute band. Tongues firmly planted in cheeks?The one thing that keeps this video from being consistent are the interview bits they throw in between songs. I have to fast forward through them. Sorry guys.This is a better concert video than the previously released &quot;Live By the Sea&quot; as it shows Oasis at the height of their popularity, on bigger stages, in front of larger crowds, giving their all. Outstanding."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A great performance, unfortunately undermined by a director and editor who think the movie is about them. The \"dramatic\" sequences are moronic in the extreme, and it's amazingly annoying to have the camera cut away from the performance to such pointless scenes as a bridge going by from a car. As though a band of this caliber and power needs some kind of visual support to make it interesting. . .  And even when they do allow us footage of the performance, there are a number of places where the visuals and the sound are completely unrelated---not just out of sync but Jimmy Page playing some other song than the song we're listening to.  It's worth getting for the performance, if you can tolerate all the nonsense you have to wade through to get to it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A mixture of several of his hits.  There are some omissions such as \"Be\" (from Jonathan Livingston Seagull) and \"Holly Holy\", but it includes several of my favorites, such as \"America\", \"Sweet Caroline\", \"I Am I Said\", and \"Brother Love's Traveling Salvation Show\" (I still wonder if that song is meant to mock Christianity or rather to paint the picture of an old tent revival).I will say that I prefer Diamond's vocals on the Beatles tribute than the original."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "this is undeniably a fantastic record... i can't wait to see it live, but it sounds pretty bad. i am so frustrated by the record industry's penchant for overcompressing music these days! in my car, which has a pretty decent stock stereo, all the parts that are 'thick' sounding are clipping badly, as if i'm listening to the record while a helicopter flies by outside. there's a thrumming low frequency clipping that is annoying. the parts that are supposed to be airy and chimey sound like they're coming out of a can! i turned down the bass a little past the center detent, and turned the treble up a LOT to compensate... this ticks me off! why should i continue to BUY albums if record companies keep squashing the life out of music like this?! three stars for the crappy sound quality, 10 stars for the music itself..."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have been familiar with Herbert von Karajan and the singers on this DVD for a long time before finally seeing them in action, and I must say, not one of them failed to impress, and each one of them is just as amazing as I had always expected.  This is absolutely one of the greatest productions of Don Giovanni, which just happens to be my favorite opera, in this whole world.  Von Karajan seems to be still at the peak of his power with the baton, and I just cannot say enough great things about the cast, especially Anna Tomowa-Sintow, Samuel Ramey, Julia Varady, and Kathleen Battle. This is a must-have in the collection of any opera/Don Giovanni lover!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "January 1st, 2006Every New Year's Day when I view this superb DVD of the VPO and Karajan at their most musicianly ways, I am impressed by the ebb, flow, and hesitancy which is the way the music of the Strausses should be played.A conductor friend of mine who studied in Vienna and was conductor of an orchestra in Lvov said that Karajan and the VPO in this recording got it RIGHT!Especially entrancing is the music accompanying the horses from the Spanish Riding School and Karjan's darling, Kathleen Battle, doing a fine rendition of the Voices of Spring.The stage is sumptuously decked out in what seem to be all of the fresh flowers in Vienna and one gets the sense that this was a real event because the maestro died only two years later.I highly recommend this DVD and it will give YOUR New Year's Day something special to remember it by.Timothy Wingate  OTTAWA  CANADA"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is one of the best hard rock CDs I've heard in a very long time.Far better than the first disc.There is a version with a CD/DVD package, but I bought the CD only and found a serious rocker bonus track, not listed on the liner and from what I hear, NOT included if you buy the CD/DVD package.The band is very diverse on this with rockers, cranking hard rockers and some lighter rockers and ballads. Hagar is at the top of his game. Everyone is and standing out individually while creating an open quality band statement on each track.Three and half letters is a very powerful (words and music) rockin' piece.No Change, the unlisted bonus track just absolutely rocks full tilt.I've only heard the whole disc twice, but in will be my driving disc for a long time. I hope the radio catches on to this."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "An incredible effort of the utmost grace.  Each piece is thoroughly thought out and the timing is simply impeccable.  The soprano's voice touches on the divine - it is not at all melodramatic but simple soaring gorgeousness.  My one mild complaint would be that I find the alto's voice much less beautiful - and her diction is heavy (e.g., \"get thee up to the high mountain\" becomes \"... mounthain\").  Aside from that, this is simply stunning.  The rendition of \"I Know That My Redeemer Liveth\" is absolutely shattering in its austere beauty. Wow!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Today is 10/12/2012 friday and I listened to Clockwork Angels yesterday and already I picked out my favorite tunes.  Snakes and Arrows is where I left off and this is just magic music.  When you grow up with a band what can I say???? even cd's you don't like that much it's still your band.  Caravan BU2B Halo Effect 7 Cities of Gold Headlong Flight Wish Them Well The Garden (the rest too but you get the point) I'm glad everyon's still alive to make music and I'll enjoy them till I'm dead(which I hope aint no time soon)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you are a guitar player, you know what a talent Stevie was.A huge loss to the music and more specifically the guitar world.This was my first DVD pruchase and I love it.If you critique the sound, and are dissapointed with it, you are missing the point. Simply watching Stevie play was enough for me. Makes playing the guitar look easy, which it isn't.The contrasts between the two Austin performances was good, giving us a look at two phases in Stevie (and DT) music career.A &quot;must&quot; purchase for the guitar player, and, a great addition to anyone who can appreciate good blues and rock music.Missin you Stevie."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Whether you're a fan of Gloria Estefan or not you really should see this concert spectacle. Gloria really knows how to define a live performance. She delivers one of the most spectacular concert events I've seen, one that  leaves many of her contemporaries in the shade. With her distinct and  belting voice, her high energy almost aerobic performance she really knows  how to hold your attention and with a string of hits ranging back over 15  years crammed into over 2 hours, a magnificent ever changing stage, a  flying overhead cage, elevators, drag queens and afro cuban dancers this  has to be one of the best concert DVD's so far and one of the biggest shows  this decade. The picture quality is crisp and well defined, it's just a  pity that the sound is not an AC3 track however the stereo surround sound  is sufficinet and ambient enough for you to &quot;feel&quot; present."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This band has hung around for 40 years, made some great albums in the early 1980's, continued from there with repetitive material but great concerts, and now suddenly they are better, massively better.  Not only does Clockwork Angels succinctly present a lifetime of life's lessons in precise lyrics, but these guys really really rock.  Rather than discuss each track, which are all incongruent with Top 40 tunes, I'll just say it's their most cohesive album ever.  No other band out today can but hide and listen in the force of this material.  The last track, Garden, is beyond thorough composition - it can only be compared to the great allegories of literature and classical music.  A few great rock bands have survived, but Rush is the only one I know that still thrives."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is one of those movies that I think has just been misstreaded when beeing put on DVD. The movie is great, but there are no bonus materials :(Ever since the film came out, we always wondered where that scene was that shows up on the trailer? a scene where the turtles are in the water, and there shells pop up... so with this DVD i was hoping there would be deleted scenes to satasfy that curiosity? But sadly, there isnt even a featurette:(And i know they made featurettes, i remember clearly all those years ago a guy punching in things on a key bourd, and the robotic head of Raphial it was hooked into was moving the facial features around.... so where are those features???For this decent price, its ok. The sewer game is forgetable, might occupy you for a few minutes?! But i'm very disapointed that there is no bonus features with this great ninja comedy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I first saw JT, at the old McCormick Place in Chicago, back in 1972. His music has been with me ever since.Trying to describe, where James Taylor goes, within your heart and soul, is not an easy task. But I know, in mylifetime, few musicians go, where JT does. Few artists touch a certain part of your soul, in a way that he does. Honesty, complete sincerity, the open road of the free free highway, endless miles of wheatfields and prairies. A friend you can always count on.This concert, is a superb example, of what James Taylor is to all of us.He is a national treasure."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I thought that 'Arriving' by Chris Tomlin was great.  This one is even better.This artist is pretty much in a class by himself when it comes to praise and worship music.  This album is packed with songs that sound great, have Christ centered lyrics, and are also songs that churches can sing in their services.  Very few can pull that combination off like Tomlin does.Here are some of the best tracks:  How Can I Keep From Singing, Made To Worship, Let God Arise, Glory In The Highest, Awesome Is the Lord Most High, Everlasting God,  and Amazing Grace.I highly recommend this for anyone who loves great worship music."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "For those of you guitar music lovers, (mostly men, I guess), this is a great intro to three of the biggest names in guitar-centric music. More importantly, this is a great opportunity to get a load of Steve Vai's performance antics. He's a hoot! I still can't get over Satriani trading in his hair for a pair of sunglasses. He looks like Billy Corgan. The biggest treasure of this performance is Eric Johnson. I never heard him play before. He writes the most accessible music of the three and I am a new fan. All in all, a great success. Just, please wear a closed shirt next time, Steve. You should be heard more, and seen less."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I won't repeat what the other reviewers here have stated. Just great music all through the video. My only complaint is, part way through the video, Paul and Art look as though they can't wait to finish the concert and go home. It's evident by the expressions on their faces and their body language. It was embarrassing and uncomfortable to watch this video--to see S&G act the way they did in front of their fans, who just wanted a nice concert experience. I was disappointed that these two professional musicians could not keep their feelings to themselves. Shame on them. I would give this concert 5 stars if the atmosphere between S&G had been better. Great music but very poor manners from Folk/Rock's best-known duo."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Of all the Elvis B-pictures that he made during the 1960's, this was by far his best result.Just looking at old Las Vegas before the corporations took it over, is a visual treat.  Ann Margaret is very complimentary to Elvis as his wannabe love interest.  The songs in his films were often poor quality, but not so much in this film.If you are a new Elvis fan and want to see a high quality Technicolor transfer of a great classic romp....this is my pick for his best movie.  The only other one that came close to this was \"Fun In Alcupulco\" (sp?)Enjoy...and Viva Las Vegas!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "To get straight to the point, Comatose is probably Skillet's best album ever. Without hearing anything on this record before buying it, I was completely convinced that there was no way Comatose could come close to comparing to \"Collide\" ~ which I thought was even better than the outstanding record \"Alien Youth.\" Comatose is packed from start to finish with songs you probably won't ever skip. The tracks just rock my face off. I would rate this album 6 stars if I could. Its that good."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "THE BAND LACEY MOSELY LED IN 2007 I WAS INTO HER CD AND DVD WITH LYRICS OF I,M SO SICK I FEEL THAT WAYI GREW UP WITH MY MOTHER AS A TEENAGER SHE DIDN,T ALLOWED ME TO FAIL WHY I PUSHED MYSELF AND REBELLION I MADE IT SUUCESSFUL ! I,M FULLY ALIVE NEXT I LIKE NEXT AS  I,M DRIVEN SINCE TIME AS CASSIE DOYOU BELIEF IN GOD TO PULL THE TRIGGER?YES I WAS IN THE MINDSET  OF THE COLOMNBINE KILLERS  WHOM HADTAKEN THE FEMALE,S LIFE NO!I OWN THE CD IT MY FAVORITE MOMENT I WAS CAPTURED AT IRVING PLAZA TAKE THE STAGE AND DVD WITH ACOUSTIC SONGS AND FEW VIDEOS I RECOMMEND THIS IF YOU LIKE THIS AS A METALHEAD THAT MISSED THAT MOMENT OF TIME DON,T LET THIS ESCAPE AS A VIEWER NOT ONLY I POST MY COMMENTING ."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "For Pink Floyd and David Gilmour fans out there, a note of caution: this concert has no lasers, no pyrotechnics, and no giant inflatable pigs. In fact, there's just David Gilmour, his acoustic guitar, and a few musicians. Nevertheless, the scaled down sound works for this selection of Pink Floyd songs, some covers, and a (surprisingly) few Dave Gilmour solo pieces. The additional performers - a cellist, an oboist, a small choir, and a pianist, among others - help lend a fresh feeling to the old Floyd standards, but it's the covers and solo pieces such as &quot;Hushabye Mountain&quot; and &quot;Smile&quot; that really shine. &quot;Je Crois Entendre Encore,&quot; from a Bizet opera, and the Richard Wright song &quot;Breakthrough&quot; (featuring the artist himself on piano and vocals) are worth the price of the disc alone, but if you need more there are some good extras and bonus songs to add icing to the cake."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "My Son is really into \"old school\" music and after visiting Cleveland's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, he really wanted a movie about Woodstock. I came across this Collector's Edition on Amazon and took a chance. HE LOVES IT! A ticket came inside which he laminated and put up in his dorm. He just loved all the little goodies inside the packaging. The tamborine on top is really sturdy and a nice touch. The footage itself is rich and very well done. The bonus footage includes some of the 'flavor' of the 60's as well. Great gift."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Borrowing a term Maddox once used, this album is an aural holocaust. The reason to buy this is to laugh at how terrible it is. While other more musically talented men avoided the problems of turning such classic rock songs as \"Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds\" into spoken word, Shatner attacked them...and then failed miserably. Surprisingly his music is possibly even more overdramatized than his acting and has unnatural melody-killing pauses for effect embedded throughout each song. It prevents casual listening or just enjoyable listening other than for comedic purposes."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was 20 years old in '69, didn't make it to Woodstock, even though I only lived 200 miles away in Vt. On this 40th anniversary, I am kicking myself repeatedly! I just bought the 40th anniversary directors cut boxed set and love every moment of it. But for me, I keep going back to those precious few moments where the three nuns are walking through the crowd. The wonderful smile and the spontaneous peace sign -FROZEN IN TIME- it just cuts to my soul! I can't help but wonder what ever became of that young lady in the blue habit. I have a feeling she lived a very PEACEFUL life.God, I wish I'd been there!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Around The World is a somewhat messy collection of live appearances made by Mariah. Not to say the video isnt good, but it would have been nice to see a full concert, instead of performances from around the world. It would be nice to have the Rainbow Tour on VHS/DVD. Anyway, she sings a lot of her hits here, and there is also some bonus videos on the VHS, Butterfly and Breakdown, which are worth the price of this video alone. However once again DVD gets more extras, with extra videos for the two I listed, and as well My All and The Roof. Anyway this is a nice collection of live performances, but Mariah we are waiting for one of your tours to be released on video!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If celebrated film director Ed Wood (Plan 9 From Outer Space) made an album, it would sound like this.  The Transformed Man by William Shatner isn't flawed or ill-conceived, it's perfectly dreadful, reaching sublime and awe-inspiring new heights of schlock.  Each passing minute finds listeners recoiling in astonishment as they struggle to believe their ears. This  smorgasbord of embarrassing implausibility and pompousness is only possible through the offices of Shatner's hideously bloated ego which has blinded him to the project's breathtaking stupidity.  If the phrase, \"So bad it's good,\" is in your lexicon, The Transformed Man just might be your guy.  (Warning: Do Not Operate Heavy Equipment While Listening To This CD.)"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was glad to see that this movie was released on DVD. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because of the lack of extra's, the only difference is the trailer, other than that it is identical to the video  version. Of course DVD is better quality video and sound, and that makes  this a must for Zep fans everywhere. If you are a new fan to the group this  movie will solidify your enjoyment of the band, and unfortuantely is the  only official release of the band live, with some movie extras with members  of the band. Long live Led Zeppelin!  Lets hope they release some  unreleased concert footage on DVD next!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Our family voted PP as the 2nd best Disney movie, behind only The Lion King.  It has something for boys and girls of all ages, including the 2 things that make a movie truly great for my 9 year old son&#65533;  swords and sword fights.  This is a movie we have owned a long time and it gets watched several times per year.  Pete&#65533;s Dragon is our most watched movie period but PD came in 3rd.We had a lot of fun by gathering the family together to rank the 41 Disney movies we have that include some cartoon work.  All the kids, ages 6 to 27, participated along with mother and dad.  Peter Pan is no Codfish, we rank it #2.  Lion King was selected number 1 of the 41 as the family favorite, but narrowly.  Peter Pan was 2.  Pete&#65533;s Dragon 3, Beauty & the beast 4 and Sleeping Beauty 5."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "All that I might have said has been well presented by those who ranked this performance two or three stars. I am sellling off my copy of this Royal Ballet DVD - not that it's a bad production at all but that it is over-rated and rather bland.I highly recommend the performance by the Swedish Ballet as a first choice keeper.Tchaikovsky: Swan LakeIt is gripping it its drama, the sets establish a mood but do not call attention to themselves, and the emotional commitment of everyone involved is clearly profound.  And oh yes, the dancing and the acting (it is a story ballet, after all) are superb, and the orchestral playing if not better in execution is certainly better in recorded sound."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Rush has delivered...I am trying to find the right combination of words to describe this album but it is difficult...first and foremost it is a bloody beautiful album...the music, the lyrics, the arrangements, everything flows so perfectly, smoothly...it is beautiful...There is a huge amount of maturity yet it is also very powerful and fresh at the same time...the music is so enthusiastic, it is impossible to believe that it is the 38th year these guys are making music...I am listening to the album while writing this review and i am smiling...Neil, Geddy, Alex i salute you...Rush is certainly NOT \"losing it\"..."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the band reformed after a year's breakup with a new lineup except for Robert Fripp. Joining the band for this classic are ex-Yes Bill Bruford on drums, ex-Family John Wetton on bass and vocals with David Cross on violin, viola, and mellotron and Jamie Muir on all kinds of percussion. This is the band's best album since Lizard. Both Larks, Tongues(parts 1 & 2) are unlike anything I'd heard before or since, Book Of Saturday is a nice laid back jazzy tune. Exiles is a very pretty ballad that had been an instrumental back in the band's early days. Here it has lyrics written by new lyricist David Palmer-James. Easy Money which is a great rocker. A must have for anyone who even likes music."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "My son received this for his second birthday back in October of 2004 and it has become one of his most favorite DVDs to watch and is one of the 15 or so in his regular viewing rotation.  Kids love watching videos with babies and dogs in them and that's the theme of this DVD.  Elmo learns about what babies eat, how they behave and the joy they bring to their families.Then Elmo learns about dogs and how to feed and take care of them.  Mr. Noodle is along as he does one of his usual silly routines as he walks a pretend dog much to Elmo's and kids delight.The last part of the DVD deals with farms as Old Macdonald joins the fun teaching Elmo all about life on a farm.  Elmo learns about taking care of farm animals and growing vegetables.  This was a fun and educational DVD for kids from toddler all the way through early elementary school, done with the usual Elmo flair, songs and silliness.  A classic!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is a GREAT DVD.  He truly was an amazing artist.  This show covers what a typical show was like.I got to see Jeff twice on his 1995 tour.  Both performances were in the same day...an acoustic set at a local record store and live.  I had only heard &quot;So Real&quot; and wanted to see him play.  I went to the acoustic show and was amazed and blown away.  I had to see him that night.  I told friends the next week on what a great show it was. A few people borrowed my copy of Grace and they had to go out and buy their own cd."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "to me this is one those dvds you just cant get enough of. when you listen to it' you just want to listen to it once again and again thats how it is for me. stevie really shows his stuff on this one. leave my girl alone theres no words to put on here how good that one is. you just listen and watch for your self and find out. the second part to the 1989 videos can be found on the srv box set 2000.i wish they would have put it all on there as well. theres been talk about other dvds to come out soon and well like every other srv fan im still waiting? and then theres the movie talk to caught in the crossfire. now we all know he should have had a movie about his life come out a long time ago. buy this dvd you'll be glad you did. a fan always"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you've seen Motley Crue's \"Uncensored\", it's somewhat similar to this one. \"Konfidential\", \"Unplugged\" and \"Kiss My A**\" should also be picked up. So far the footage alone makes this one worth getting over the others. If you loved the 80s era KISS along with seeing some vintage clips, this one's the one you want to pick up.I would love to see them put out a full length blown out video collection from over the years worthy of being a companion to the KISS box set including the original 4 playing the songs from \"Alive\" and \"Destroyer\" from beginning to end."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I listen the entire new album of Chris Rea. I never hear a Chris Rea album before. This is an excepcional, complex & mesmerize album. This is the best album of this new century & one of the best blues album of all time. Eleven albums in one year !!! This is incredible. You must listen to it to believe it. The latin blues by English man sounds superior to the latin blues make for sud americans & spanish people. All the albums are great & sounds very very diferent. My favorites are: 60's & 70's, Chicago Blues,Electric Memphis Blues, Latin Blues & Ballads Blues. I recomend very much."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This supposed concert video is nothing but a collection of nonsense pre-concert, backstage, and audience garbage video. It shows 2 second clips of actual \"live\" band footage intermixxed with camera shots bouncing all over the place. A real concert video is just that, a live video of a band on stage playing their songs. Thank GOD I bought a cheap VHS version. I never even watched the whole thing. If you want to see a real show check out Iron Maiden's Rock In Rio or Primal Fear's The History Of Fear. This crap wouldn't be worth watching if it was sent to you for free!!!! I can't imagine Ozzy ever saw this and approved its release."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "As in Slash is back! Been a big fan of Slash since the old GnR days...suffered thru the first solo album, and endured all the nonsense with Velvet Revolver and that arrogant jack-A Scott Weiland and his always being late to the shows...!!I waited to buy this album because the VR stuff, while good, never jumped out at me, it was missing something...BUT here it is! The song Anastasia is getting good rotation on Sirius Octane, and I was instantly hooked - because its the best guitar work Slash has done since GnR. As is this whole album. While Myles voice can a bit too high pitched at times - Slash makes up for it. Great guitar work all over this album and the band is a perfect compliment.I hope this is the beginning of more from Slash and these guys. I think he's hitting his stride here and I want more, and more and more..!If you like Slash and good old rockNroll - buy this album!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Slash makes his solo return with his second album Apocalyptic Love. After listening to it a couple of times, i think that it is a nice upgrade from his solo debut. Apocalyptic Love has a more connected feel about it that better showcases Slash`s trademark no-fills rock along with fine support from Miles Kennedy and the Conspirators. Listening to the album, it is very obvious how well they have gelled together after a lot of touring in the last year.Overall i highly recommend Apocalyptic Love to anyone that loves no-fills, balls to the wall rock."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Long-time Rush fan here (30+ years), beginning with the first album and continuing on.  Regrettably, I have to say this release is GOD AWFUL.  It just goes from bad to worse.  For the life of me I cannot understand all of these high reviews.  For me, I find the songwriting to be extremely poor, not a memorable tune here.  The guitar work is unimaginative and very average.  I didn't dig Geddy's singing either -- he seems unable to write and deliver a good hook or melody.  The quality of the recording stinks too.  By today's standards (and those of yesteryear) this release is a complete an utter loser.Sorry guys, but this is THE WORST CD I have heard in years.  I want my money back!!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A magic concert that needs to be seen by all, not just S&G; fans.  If you already own the album of this, then buy it as an accompanying piece.Thankfully the Australian DVD has been given a 5.1 surround sound mix as well.  But it is important to note that it is only simulated which means it is a pseudo surround sound.  Obviously the concert was originally only recorded in 2 channel stereo.  In 1981, that may have been the only option.A long awaited DVD anyway!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I love Woodstock.  I must have seen the movie as a midnight show several times in the 1970's.  I bought this edition because of the promised unreleased footage, including CCR.  It is NOWHERE to be found on the two disc edition I received.  Apparently, there is a third disc containing this in some special editions, but NOT the one I got.  I am still glad I bought it, but cannot recommend it to others for this reason unless you know what you are getting."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The answer, of course, is no. A lot of time has been spent whining about the stuff on Hullabaloo that wasn't really rock and roll. Sure, safe acts, crooners and Vegas swingers ruled on the show - particularly as hosts - but it all works as a beautiful period piece. Rock and roll was only a decade old when these shows were filmed, and TV execs were fighting a losing battle to co-opt it. The purity of performances by the Animals, the Yardbitds and the Byrds show how uncontrollable the energy was. Anyone who grew up in the era will love this. And if you remember the actual show, you'll spend days wiping that grin off your face."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was a big fan of the cartoon series, which my parents disliked with a passion, but I persuaded them to take me to the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Movie at the theater back in 1990 (Writing this makes me feel old! lol!). Surprisingly, my parents liked the movie and its two sequels.The 1990 movie is the closest that resembles the comics, except for the part of April being a reporter. The costumes done by the Jim Henson Company are better looking than most CGI special effects that are used in most movies today. This was my first true introduction of Casey Jones, who was hardly used in the animated series (I'm not counting the 2003 series). The only thing I disliked was Shredder's costume as it looked to fake. The producers should have gave the designers a little bit more money for it.Overall, it is still one of my favorite movies from my childhood."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A truly wonderful concert!  A tribute to the true poets of the 60s.  The concert includes many of the best loved compositions from the S&amp;G years: Mrs. Robinson, The Boxer, America, The Sound of Silence.  It is truly a gift from the past.  Drama here too: an ominous moment when Paul is singing about Lennon's death (The Late Great Johnny Ace) and an audience member rushes him--he finishes the song fine.  What is most enchanting is to see the two of them enjoying themselves, and enjoying each other.  For all of those (like me) who have worried about whether friendship survives after the breakup (so many of them) of the great acts of the 60s, it is wonderful to see these two pat each other's backs.  They enjoy each other, and the music shows it.  Marvelous concert!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Just a notch below the legendary Snow White sits the timeless, sweeping beauty and simplicity of Bambi.  Sporting an incredible new transfer this edition shines light years beyond the previous VHS incarnation.  Colors appear slightly brighter and the soundtrack rings crystal clear.  The extras on this platinum edition are varied and quite enjoyable as well w/the OLD MILL short  animated short being my favorite. Another 1 hr and 10 min extra delves deep into the meetings and processes that formed this classic.  Deeper than most Disney films and second only to Snow White sits this incredible testament to animation and Walt Disney's genius."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is my favorite opera production.  I consider it to be one of the greatest ever (as did Domingo).  Occasionally there is a camera problem, but it's minor.  This is a sexy opera and the stars give it right back to us.  Yes, I prefer Freni (my goddess) than Scotto, but Scotto makes up her vocal shrillness with her incredible acting.  This is a must see for Manon lovers and I can't wait to see it next year live at Seattle Opera.Enjoy, friends!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The actual event of Woodstock goes beyond simple concert and music footage. The work of capturing history on film must have been daunting. Not only was history captured on film, it was filmed as documentary, too. When it's mentioned that this film won an Oscar as best documentary, \"of course\" is the only comment that comes to mind.The extended version or director's cut is worth the time. When I got this film, I called my neighbors and had a Woodstock evening with food, drink, and, well whatever. It was wonderful to be that young, again, and listen to some of our musical heroes.This should be required viewing for every generation in the foreseeable future. Enjoy."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "THE SONG REMAINS THE SAME brings incredibly intricate stellar performances by all band members, and there is MUCH more on this DVD.The unique footage of the band members at their homes, with their precious children, their backstage and off stage happenings, along with superior footage of Robert Plant riding along [I believe it's] England's countryside, is just magical.This DVD is a classic in its own right, capturing one of their greatest performances at Madison Square Garden in 1973.If you want to watch much more than a concert, and you truly love the legendary music of Led Zeppelin, THE SONG REMAINS THE SAME will bring you so much more than you could ever except from the band, just as they always do.The sound AND video quality of this DVD is OUTSTANDING. Truly a MUST See and Own for years of viewing and listening treasure.Barbara Rose, Ph.D., author or If God Was Like Man, Stop Being the String Along, and If God Hears Me, I Want an Answer!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If he did it could have been Fritz Lang & his seminal talkie, M, made in 1931 & released in 1933. A deranged child murderer is loose in the city (played broadly & wonderfully by \"newcomer,\" Peter Lorre).The movie has scenes pitting citizen v. citizen, in accusations & counter accusations, near lynchings & mob hysteria. The police seem helpless & bereft of clues. Organized crimes seeks to find the murderer also. He's bad for business.Crowd mentality is examined. It is a theme Lang returns to in later movies. His first American movie, Fury , (1936) deals with vigilantism & mob rule. This version, a poor print by the way, has English subtitles so you're forced to pay attention. It was Lang's favorite film. It is a prototype, if you will, of the murder mystery genre. Kind of a precursor to Hitchcock's thrillers of the 40's & 50's."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This captures Mary Chapin Carpenter at her best. In beautiful surroundings, MCC is relaxed and loose, laughing and telling stories and interacting with the audience. Watching her perform adds another layer of integrity to her music. There is a good selection of her music and the performance itself is a delight. Interspersed with the music are clips of behind the scenes preparation and interviews with other singers. I think MCC's greatest gift is her ability to connect with those who listen to her; this video makes it all the more evident."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I won't breakdown and analyze each individual track but this album as a whole absolutely rocks! If you are a Rush \"fan\" and don't immediately love it, you should keep playing it - because Rush's musical brilliance is there if you are open-minded enough to really listen for it. If you are reading the reviews due to an indecision to buy Clockwork Angels...don't waste another day and just do it.I believe that most people that download and buy only single tracks are cheating themselves because you must listen to Clockwork Angels from start to finish. This is a concept style album which Rush fans have come to enjoy and this is no exception, so I strongly recommend having enough time to listen to Clockwork Angels in it's entirety. While most significant rock music artists of the last 40 years are \"nursing\" their careers with greatest hits tours and uninspiring new music, Rush hasn't lost their fire or creativity."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "First -  I love David Gilmour...and believe he was more the 'sound' of Pink Floyd than Roger.  Upon reading reviews of this DVD \"David Gilmour in Concert 2002\", I bought it over the more expensive Royal Albert Hall DVD.  Mistake.  This one, though a quality performance, is not \"Pink Floyd re-visited\" and has ZERO songs from his first two solid albums from back in the 80s (David Gilmour and About Face).  It is a bunch of slow, 'On an Island' type songs from I don't know where and multiple versions of PF songs that all began to sound the same...  I had to fast forward several times.  The redeeming feature of this DVD is the Extras.  The DVD is 'only' $10, but I don't see myself ever watching it again so...not worth the money."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Michael Jackson is a Musical Genius&He has Changed the Landscape of Popular Music twice.  He opened so many doors to so many Acts that this Man can never fully ever be compensated for his overall Impact.  His Videos are the Reason for the \"M\" that goes into MTV&any other video channel period. MJ always Brought the Spectacular to the Screen. for My Money He was the Last Great Act to Appear at the Super Bowl&there isn't anything on the Horizon that is gonna Touch His Magnitude. the many forms of Creativity that the Genus of Michael Jackson displays is Incredible.  this Soul Brother Should be Treated as American Royality Period. He is a Civi Rights Leader to me. His Videos touched so Many Lives the World over&beyond. 8-88 Everybody Knows this Man. the Power of His Music, the Power of His Vision, the Power of Pressence. Everybody that comes after Him, eats at his Musical Table&off His Musical Plate&overall Stylings. Props always to the King of POP!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am normally not a big fan of Putamayo collections, but this one is excellent in my opinion.  Every song is soothing & melodic without being weird or cloying.  Although devised to help children fall asleep, I am an adult and I purchased it for myself for those nights I have difficulty turning off the noise in my mind and falling asleep.  I would not restrict this to bedtime however.  It is enjoyable enough to listen to anytime one needs to de-stress.  I feel my money was well-spent on this and I would not hesitate to purchase this as a new-baby-gift or for any child's birthday.  I don't like all lullaby-type albums, but this one is a winner.  Another excellent one is a collection by Windham Hill called \" On a Starry Night \".  I have played both of these to rock babies to sleep and also just to have lovely, soothing music to relax with.  I highly recommend this c d."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Led Zeppelin never got any better than this. There are videos available of their '75 and '77 tours as well as footage kicking around from the Knebworth festival, but this band peaked in 1973 and for those of us who fell out of love with the band by \"In Through the Out Door\" and Plant's wretched solo  material, this video is a great reminder of why Zep was a sold out huge arenas and sold millions of albums.My faves are the title song with it's great 12-string and 6-string mix,John Paul Jones \"No Quarter\",the BEST solo on \"Stairway to Heaven\" available and an excellent show closer which I won't name in case you haven't seen this yet.This is how it should be and how this band should be remembered."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'm willing to admit \"Cassie\" is a decent song. However, the album as a whole I hope I never hear again. I had a friend who would play this cd while I was in the car so thankfully I never wasted money on it. Lacey's voice is powerful which is great but would sound a whole lot better if she didn't use it.A lot of reviews seem to praise the song \"I'm So Sick\". It uses a very simple, repetitive melody which some bands can pull off but it doesn't work here. The same four notes stick in my head for hours along with Lacey's whiny voice miraculously getting more and more annoying each time. It sickens me that so many other listeners think this is good music."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Sometimes I wonder what goes through the mind of Marilyn Manson. What powers from the depths of hell created this band?! I swear I have never seen a nastier artist than Marilyn Manson. Not even Slayer was as nasty as  this guy. Believe me, one look at the video &quot;Sweet Dreams(are made of  this)&quot; scared the living hell out of me. I'd rather be watching videos  from the Aphex Twin master &quot;Richard D. James&quot;. If you plan to  watch this video.......well, don't say I didn't warn you."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is simply a DVD version of a video released some years ago (aprox. 5-8 years ago?) so the newer partnerships mentioned in some of the reviews above, and already released on other DVDs (and copyrighted by their producers) would not have been available for inclusion.  However, what is included are several exemplary pas de deux danced by some of the best dancers of the last 30+ years.  If you haven't seen them live, this is a good chance to view them at their best, and be able to compare to other (more current) interpretations and see how changing forms and style have impacted ballet."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I didn't actually realise that this set came as a fairly sizeable book (duh!). Blue Guitars is a labour of love, and it shows. Rarely, if at all, have I known an artist to produce 11cd's of great songs. It's an interesting journey. The book, with it's paintings and an in -depth interview with Chris Rea, are almost a throwback to the old vinyl days of studying the album sleeve as you listen to the music. Rea's slide playing has never sounded better and his dark brown 'trombone ' of a voice carries you through the journey from the source of the blues through slavery, into the various manifestations of it up to the '60-70s. Great stuff.A minor point - The CD sleeves in the book are VERY FRAGILE so will not stand up to too much use."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I don't agree with any of the quibbles with this video.  My impression was that, while certainly it is clear there is tension between Paul and Art, both put their heart and soul into this performance.  The versions of Sounds of Silence, Parsley Sage Rosemary and Thyme, American Tune, America, and other songs are fabulous.  The back up band is outstanding.  Most remarkable of all is how Paul and Art, even though they rework the rhythm of many of the songs, sing in absolute synch without even looking at each other, as if they are two halves of the same soul.  Both men are in fine voice, the audience is totally enthralled, and Paul and Art even appear to warm up to each other towards the end.  I could have done without the reprise of Late in the Evening and the Simon song Late Great Johnny Ace (my own quibbles!), but these are trivial in the context of this great concert."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Parece que la extraviada (Traviata)realmente esta muy enferma al final ya que la escena esta incompleta. esto no deberia asombrarnos ya que Zeffirelli hizo algo peor con su Otello con su recortada aria del Sauce. Excepto este detalle no tan importante como el Otello, la pelicula es muy bella aunque para los puristas, entre los que me incluyo humildemente quizas por mi condicion de Profesor de Apreciacion Musical, encuentro en ella tal como note en la Carmen de Migenes y Domingo, ruidos innecesarios que en la presentacion en un teatro serian imperdonables; al fin y al cabo lo importante es la musica y no los extras caprichosos de Zeffirelli. A pesar de estos pequenos detalles la presentacion es maravillosa; las cuatro estrelas en vez de cinco obedecen a estas para algunos quizas necedades. Para mi repito, soy un purista y pienso en la intencion siempre del compositor. Recomiendo la version de Beverly Sills y ni se diga la de Angela Ghiorgiu, superiores excepto los tenores ya que Placido Domingo sigue siendo el mejor."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you want to really treat yourself to something wonderful, check out this DVD of Carole King, who may be the best female entertainer of all.She has always been great, and I think with a few years on her, she's even better.But I was just totally beguiled by one of her guest musicians - Slash - from Guns 'N Roses.  I had never heard him before, but I don't think I've ever heard a more fantastic guitarist.The talent that these people, at this level, possess is absolutely mesmerizing.I guess there's no limit to the incredible talent some people have, but what's all the more mysterious is how some entertainers, who shall be unnamed, manage to make millions of dollars with no discernible talent whatsoever.However, that's not the case here.  Everybody on this DVD is a pro, and you will be duly impressed."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Amazing how the old school films had no need for all the gore and over-explicit graphics often used in modern filmography. This film offers a look at a very true and realistic problem that seems to have been haunting societies since old. It makes one see that fine line between true sickness of the mind and and a plain criminal one. This must have been a very controversial film for its time but it brings something that has to be dealt with. Again, is amazing how no over explicit graphics are needed in order to awake one's imagination. Not that I don't like graphics, is just that sometimes the imagination does a better job at imaging and bringing true tension to the scenes. Very well made film and classic for all times. Superb role for Peter Lorre. A better actor for this charachter could have never been found."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Since we bought this when it was first on VHS (after watching the movie when it first opened) this is a replacement.The story is very cute as are the characters except for the villain, who's a cat. My daughter love this and used to watch it several times a month. It has remained one of her favorites even though she is now a SR in college (majoring in chemistry).The colors were vibrant and the animation is super! Voice talent was superb, including Dom Deluise. I would rate this a very high 9.0 to 9.25 out of 10 stars.I highly recommend this!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Although the animation is incredible.  In fact, Walt Disney's gorgeously drawn paean to Nature is one of the most beautiful animated films ever made.  And there are important Life lessons to be learned here as well, about love, loss, growth etc.  Kids weaned on \"The Incredibles\" and \"Finding Nemo,\" however, might be a bit bored.  There's no plot to speak of, the music is corny, the humor quaint.  Older kids in particular will probably want to switch to \"Spider-Man 2\" or their Nintendo.  To be honest, as an adult Disney fan I much prefer \"Pinocchio\" and \"Dumbo\" from this period, both of which have great humor, plot and lots and lots of heart. (And they're beautifully animated as well.) My humble opinion: \"Bambi\" is obviously an important and significant achievement in animation.  It's sweet, pretty to look at, but that's about all."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Great music, great dancing, great story -- in short, sensational. Riverdance is STILL in a worldwide tour, years after Michael Flatley left. The hypnotic dancing moves, the romantic sweep and the Celtic rhythms are truly mesmerizing. In the past couple of years it has become hip to slam Riverdance, but that is only because of its stratospheric popularity. Riverdance is exhilarating entertainment that lifts you up and leaves you with simple joy in life itself.I can't think of anything we need more given the events of the past month.Peace."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Like everyone else here, I heard \"I'm so sick\" on the radio and had to hear some more. Also like a lot of others, I agree that while \"I'm so sick\" is good, it's not Flyleaf's strongest song. There are suprises here that make you listen closely to every song, rather than losing strenth towards the end, like most CDs. Lacey has an unbelievable voice. Imagine the clarity of Avril Lavigne, the power of Christina Agulara, and the rapid pitch change of Kelly Clarkson, combined. But she's not just a combination of super singers, instead Lacey has a unique sound, very heartfelt, and at times even creepy.The musical part of the band is good too. A little on the slow side at times, and could definitely use some better drum work, but that can be left for future albums.I bought this CD based on one song, and wasn't disappointed. If you like hard rock, it's pretty hard not to like this."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Amazing live performances captured on film are the reason to see to see this.The interviews with Janis don't reveal much, and there's no real sense of her history. Even the stage stuff is shot pretty straightforwardly, but, man-o-man could she sing!One wonderful thing is that a lot of the numbers are uncut, allowed to go their full length, which, with Janis in concert, could easily be 8 minutes or more. The power, the emotion, the energy, the sexiness, the sweet sense of fun she brought to the stage could only be hinted at on her albums. For those reasons it's more than worth sitting through the slightly homogenized off-stage material.It awful to think that this is essentially unavailable.  Time for a decent DVD re-release!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The title of my review  says it all this is there best record (studio) since Counterparts......maybe even Grace Under PressureIMO.I'm not going to break it down song by song that's already been done by many others but I will say I've listened to this record countless times and it's a fast and entertaining hour! Just for fun I will take this opportunity to rank there records from best to least best.....I say least best cause they really never make a bad record...here goes.1 Moving Pictures  5 stars2. 2112.  5 stars3 Permanent waves.  5 stars4 All the worlds a stage.  5 stars5 A farewell to kings.  5 stars6. Signals. 5 stars7 Fly by night.  5 stars8 Grace under pressure. 5 stars9 Clockwork angels. 5 stars10 Exit stage left. 5 stars11 rush in rio. 5 stars12 Counterparts. 5 stars13 Hemispheres14 Caress of steel15 A show of hands16 power windows17 Presto18 Rush19 Snakes and arrows20 Roll the bones21 Test for echo22 Different stages23 hold your fire24 Vapor trails"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This review is for the Criterion Collection (1st edition) of the film.This movie is Fritz Lang's first &quot;talkie&quot; and an excellent film about a serial child murderer. The police are so obsessed with catching him and are everywhere. This prevents the other criminals like pickpocketers and burgalrs from doing their criminal activity so they team up and enlist the help of beggars and the &quot;underworld&quot; to find and apprehend the murderer.This Criterion DVD, now temoraraily out of print, has bad picture quality but still is a good film.Later this year the DVD will be rereleased with far better picture quality and special features which this version does not have. This edition has no special features of any kind. I will put up a new review when the new version is released."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "i saw flyleaf a few nights ago in baton rouge, they opened for cold (and 10 years did as well--awesome by the way).  i bought there album that night and listened to it the next day.  i was pretty impressed with the album.  i see most people say the EP is better than the LP--i may buy the EP because i like harder music.  but the band is great (lacey's vocals are unique and pretty pleasing, but the band is just AWESOME--very catchy music!!).  all in all, flyleaf's debut album is a pretty good buy (i got it for $10 and its well worth it), and i recommend it.  Hopefully this isnt the last we've heard from the group, and hopefully they continue to grow and make even better music in the future!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I am listening to it right now. KC doesn't compromise. They are the Wagner of rock.Buy this and the complete King Crimson catalogue. If you don't like it, one of your grandkids will. Like lots of great music, King Crimson isn't appropriately revered in its time. One day, you'll be able to walk into any bar and there will always be least one Crimhead in the room.Music is my life. The music I am most passionate about is King Crimson.KC forever!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'll skip all the fancy jargon, and just say that this CD has FAR exceeded my expectations for the album. I've had every album Skillet has ever made, and overall this is my favorite. Glad they've brought a bit of keyboards back in on this one, and they let Ben run wild on guitar! Kid is talented. It's also got great lyrics that can appeal to the MTV crowd and still be uplifting and point to God. Do yourself a favor and buy the cd ASAP. This is the CD I'll be listening to for a month or so straight."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This movie is the most predictible film I have ever seen, In the first 30 seconds you can guess how it will end... But does it matter! it's a light hearted teen flick that will guarentee to leave you with a laugh and a bit of a warm tingly feeling too! Shane West (Get over it) and Marla sokoloff (Dude where's my car) give great performances and are joined by formed SNL cast members Julia Sweeney (Pat) and David Koechner. The best part is this special collectors edition DVD features deleted scenes a behind the scenes featurette and commentary by cast members and directors... what are you waiting for check it out and spread the word of Virgil doolittle!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I purchased this DVD for my father. He is a big Stevie Ray fan and had recorded the Austin City Limits \"outtakes\" from these two shows a few years ago. He watches this tape constantly, so I figured that the real show would be quite good too. The set from the first show is great! It is the \"old\" Stevie. Great songs, great sound quality. The second performance isn't as good. The songs were not as recognizable and the sound just wasn't that good. It was quite muffled actually! I'm not sure why the quality dropped off between the two shows but it was pretty distracting. My father and I watched the video together and both commented about how it didn't sound good. Maybe it was just the DVD I got."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought this video because my daughter loves dogs and other animals.  I also bought it because there is a segment on babies - as we are having a baby in a few months, I thought it would be good to expose her to little babies.  My daughter this loves this video.  She asks to watch it multiple times every day.  Sometimes we have to hide it.  She laughts at Elmo and really relates to all the animals and babies that are shown in the segments.The video is divided into 3 full length segments of Elmo's World - one on babies, one on dogs, and one on farm animals.  My daughter loves each one.  Plus they are very educational.  If there is a new baby on the way, I DEFINITELY recommend this video as a tool to teach your toddler about babies.  It discusses how to play with babies and what newborns are like."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Simple and stark intimate concert movie showcases Robyn Hitchcock (the Soft Boys, ...and The Egyptians) playing mostly solo to a small audience in an abandoned Manhatten storefront against the backdrop of a large window looking out on a typical New York Street. The visual effect is sedative and seductive with the psychedelic pop storyteller singing the deep psyche of your average bi-polar joe, as he warms the audience with his mesmerizing pop numbers while intriguing New York passerbys with the theatrically mysterious storefront. And he's no slouch on guitar either."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Any true fan of Jeff Buckley will obviously have Grace, a truely remarkable album by one of the most awsome, talented, and passionate songwriters/singers ever to \"grace\" this planet!! And if you are that fan, then you will want to have this concert in your possesion. Just to see Jeff perform, along with his talented band, you see his ability expressed in his playing, and his vocal range. It is all just so great to be able to see this talent in person.Yes, the production may be somewhat raw and less than perfect,however,  Jeff is just that.....perfect. I don't care about the sound production being less than perfect, but seeing Jeff play live and in concert, is just a thrill. We fans have a limited selection of CD's that Jeff has performed, so having this DVD available is a must BUY for anyone who claims to be a Jeff Buckley die hard fan.JLMankin"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is the 20th studio album from RUSH, and their best in decades, This new release finds Rush in top form and at the height of their success they are just as big as they were back in the day,Rush never fit into the neat box because you either got it or you didnt, every track on this release is amazing it captures the best of Rush removed keyboards for a more stripped down feel Bass,Guitar and drums, If your a fan it's a must own, every track is stellar on this brand new release from Rush, In my opinion their best in years!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I enjoyed this production of Don Giovanni, even though there are some aspects I did not like. The musicianship of everyone was excellent. The opera proceeded at a good pace. However I found the constant darkness overwhelming, even though the light background showing the city was very well done. Similarly almost all costumes were black, as if everyone, no matter what was happening, was dressed for a funeral, even those celebrating the wedding between Zerlina and Masetto. Although that is not their fault, Donna Anna, Don Ottavio and Donna Elvira appeared too old to make their passionate roles believable. The parts of Leporello and Don Giovanni were acted excellently: Leporello a servant, ambivalent, who enjoys, but then also dislikes his role; Don Giovanni: a very charming seducer, who can also be cruel, who does not care at all about the effect of his actions on others."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I have been listening to these boys for years but honestly I had never seen them.  To see them doing many of their hits live was more of a thrill than I had imagined.  They are so talented and quite a charasmatic presense on stage.  Jerry and Layne harmonize together flawlessly.  The drums on &quot;No Excuses&quot; are perfect as well as the opening bass line for &quot;Would?&quot;It is sad in a sense to watch Layne because of his untimely death but his creative talents will live forever in this concert.Many times in the concert the band members talk to the audience and as I said before many of their best songs are played.This is a must for ANY Alice in Chains fan."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "It's great to see this concert film again. The split-screen effect still holds up, even if it's a bit distracting to the enjoyment of the musical performances. Richie Havens and The Who still stand out as incredible sequences in the film. I'm not such a fan of mud, but these people actually make mud dancing look like fun. There's an incredible story about why the Woodstock festival actually took place in Bethel. A guy named Elliot Tiber issued a concert permit to the Woodstock organizers from the Bethel Chamber of Commerce, where he was a member. The rest, as they say, is history. The Elliot Tiber story is told very well in a forthcoming book called TAKING WOODSTOCK. Keep an eye out for it on Amazon; it should fast become the perfect preamble to watching this movie. Have fun, everyone, and remember -- DON'T EAT THE BROWN ACID!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This three cd packet of music delivers just like all of Chris Rea's music. His last endeavor of 11 cds of music on the history of the blues is a must in any collection of the blues. If you have not discovered Chris', then buy this bundle of extremely enjoyable music. He includes three LPs in the packet as well. His writing, singing and total professionalism have always come through into his music. Buy this and any other work he has done. His voice is a credit to the blues as is his mastery of many instruments that he plays on many of his cds. The total performer. If you like Mark Knopfler and Eric Clapton, then you will enjoy Chris Rea."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is an amazing DVD!  From start to finish it is superb.  I have never, ever, heard \"The Impossible Dream\" sung quite so beautifully!!  But then, it is Luther.  He does that to a song. Whether it is a remake or new, he gives it his all.  He will be missed, but I now have a collection of DVDs, and CD's to listen and watch whenever!!  I had just recently said to a co-worker, how I was looking forward to Luther recovering from his stroke and possibly performing again, until his untimely death, however, I realize now that I can see him concert or videos whenever I choose, and keep his memory alive.  The one, the only, Luther (Ronnie) Vandross.  Rest in Peace!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The MET opera's previous production of Ballo, set in colonial America was premiered and recorded in 1980. Both Luciano Pavarotti and Katia Ricciarelli were at the height of their vocal powers and it shows. Pavarotti's love for the score translates well to the screen, even though he may not be the most imaginative actor around. Ricciarelli is even more effective as Amelia; as a singing actress of the highest order, her interpretation is both strong voiced and well acted. Louis Quilico as Renato is in good voice and Judith Blegen is a dashing Oscar. Bianca Berini is a bit of a low point as Ulrica, not eclipsing Florence Quivar in the subsequent MET recording. Patane's conducting is often at odds with his lead singers and the camera focus could be better at times, but this is a fantastic opportunity to see and hear both Pavarotti and Ricciarelli in their prime."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When I was a little girl I saw the release of Bambi in the Paradise Theartein the mid80's ! When I was a little girl Bambi maded me cry especaily the scene where the mother had died in the foster ! That mother dieing by a hunter in the forrest maded me feel very emotional as little girl in the mid80's ! When I saw this with My mother and a friend as a little girl of Disney 's Bambi in the mid80's ! This was my first emotional scene as a little girl watching Bambi in the mid 80's !First time I felt for a carttoon in a flim as a little girl but still a great classic of one disney greatest animation with emotion !"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I was 7 years old when I awaited the release of Different Stages, 13 when I saw them on the Vapor Trails Tour, a Jr. in High School when Snakes and Arrows came out and now as a \"mature\" adult I've witnessed the release of  Rush's latest masterpiece.I have to say it sounds nothing like anything Rush has ever done and that is in no way, shape or form a bad thing. The coalescence present is unlike anything I've heard before on one of their albums- they truly went out on an artistic limb and it looks to me like we are all staring in awe. As we should be.5/5  Caravan5/5  BU2B5/5  Clockwork Angels5/5  The Anarchist4/5  Carnies5/5  Halo Effect5/5  Seven Cities of Gold4/5  The Wreckers5/5  Headlong Flight5/5  BU2B24/5  Wish Them Well5/5  The GardenVery impressed with this album! Excellent!!!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This CD is fantastic.  I heard Rebirthing on the Gospel Channel and owned the CD within a week.  Naturally, I listened to Rebirthing until I couldn't take it anymore (which was quite a while).  Once I did, I realized, every track on this CD is worthy of the same airtime as Rebirthing.  I don't say that lightly.  I'm very stingy with my cash on CD's having grown up when they cost over $20 and all you got were 3 great songs.  Now I usually buy the download song for .88 cents rather than splurge on the entire CD.  Rebirthing made me buy the entire CD and I'm glad I did.  This music rocks."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I bought this blu ray set last year before realizing that there were exclusive performances and featurettes on different versions from Amazon and Target. The packaging is clever, but I would have preferred a standard blu ray case.I ended up selling it and getting the blu ray from amazon.co.uk. It comes in a standard blu ray case and features all 6 of the extra performances and 7 extra featurettes from Amazon and Target. The blu ray is region free and plays fine in us blu ray players. It is currently around $20. Definitely the way to go to get everything.http://www.amazon.co.uk/Woodstock-Blu-ray-Jimi-Hendrix/dp/B001V7P2MM/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s;=dvd&qid;=1274286271&sr;=8-1"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This DVD could have been a lot better because there are tons of concert footage shown during every song. There is so much that you see Zak Wylde change guitars in the middle of a song but still be playing. You also see Ozzy clothes change in the middle of a song as well. This happens during most of the DVD. It degrades the quality when a director makes a video and uses footage from different concerts like this. There an appearance from the other three original members of Black Sabbath at the end. The audio is fine and is in Dolby Stereo and Surround. If you don't mind the constant guitar and clothes changes or just listen to DVDs then this is for you."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Yes, this movie is a classic. I feel very lucky to have grown up when the Ninja Turtles first became popular. This was back at a time when thought and care went into children's entertainment. Unlike the stuff kids are watching today. All of the characters in the Ninja Turtles series have distinct personalities and they're all lovable in their own way. If you loved this movie when you were a kid you'll still love it as an adult. Sure, the movie looks dated but it is far superior to the recent kids movies out there like &quot;Power Rangers.&quot;"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you love Nine inch nails but never got to see them live, Closure is the next best thing. The first video is interviews of fans and band members, Lots of live preformances, and trent beating the [heck] out of the drummer by violently throughing mic stands at him. Its a great video because you get to see the pure power and intesity of the band live. The second video is the collection of videos up though broken. You get to see never before seen vids of \"help me I'm in hell\" and \"happiness in slavary\"(keep the kids away form the tv on that one. You'll understand once you see it)Plus the high lights of their live shows. Its fun to watch and see the way everyone acts back stage. Pick it up. You'll like it."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I'm a big Gilmour fan - love his solo output... think Pink Floyd without Waters was just fine... think his vocals and guitar was what made classic Pink Floyd \"classic\"...But, this DVD was sort of sad to watch.  The acoustic setting makes it all to easy to see that Gilmour has gone way past his prime.  He can no longer sing, and his guitar playing - without effects - is mediocre at best.I was absoutely certain that I would love this DVD when I bought it, but by the 6th song or so I was ready to turn if off.  I don't understand all the 5-star reviews... search out some of the lower reviews and you'll see they echo(es) my sentiment.BTW, for a better taste of Floyd from the 21st century, check out Roger Waters' \"In the Flesh\".  Even though I generally side with Gilmour in the Gilmour/Waters feuds, Water's DVD is infinitely more polished and entertaining than this one..."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Wow! I saw this movie when it first came out at the theater. Amazing film. So many big performers. This has some extras that are worth watching. Probably the beginning of drug abuse/sexually transmitted diseases in this contry and who knows what else. I still would have liked to have been there. Nothing compares to this event. Not something to sit and watch with your kids unless they are in their late teens. This is where Ten Years After really go their big start. I mean you have Janis Joplin, Hendrix, Crosby, Stills and Nash (who got there beginning here) Richie Havens, Country Joe and the Fish, Santana...the list goes on."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I really loved this version.  I had watched the film on cable,  but it never filled the HD screen.  I have no idea, but I decided to purchase the 40th Anniversary which is also the Director's Cut.  The film deserved it's Oscar.  It is a Time Capsule of a time and a place that has never been reproduced (but they did try).The ratio is not full HD, but the screen is much larger, performers get longer sets, more music.  For anyone curious or to see what this was all about, you cannot go wrong with this set."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I loved this movie when I was little and so do my children.  A lot of reviewers have complained about death being a theme, but I disagree about that being a bad thing.  Death is a very real part of the world and kids shouldn't be sheltered from it.  I don't let my kids watch blood and guts movies, but the spider's very natural death is something I have no problem with.I also really love the music in this movie.  The songs range from fun to poignant.  I still know them all by heart from my own childhood."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "He's proven time and again that he is open-minded and holds open arms to new music and performers.  These are the characteristics that have kept this fine artist popular for over 50 years.  We always look forward with great anticipation to his new projects.  He constantly gives his best to his audiences, and the love and respect are repaid by audiences of all ages.  With this album, we all receive a gift of being exposed to at least one performer we hadn't been familiar with before.  How wonderful that Tony keeps us growing and therefore, knowing the joy and pleasure of great music."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The second great version of King Crimson.  They came out of the box strong here, all members contributing brilliantly in some relatively equivalent proportion.  Robert Fripp has characterized his intention on some of the pieces as wanting to combine the passion you hear in African-American music and in Jimi Hendrix with aspects of the European tradition (precision and symmetry in composition) ala Stravinsky - he and the band actually did that here.  Music doesn't get much better than this.Larks' Tongue 1 &amp; 2, and Easy Money, fit the bill I've just described.  They are crafted, played, and recorded brilliantly.  &quot;Talking Drum&quot; is an effective jam, a study in rhythm and dissonance.  &quot;Book of Saturdays&quot; and &quot;Exiles&quot; are vocal ballads - I can actually live without them.  But that doesn't diminish the album, which is a real undereheard classic."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Ok when i bought this video  i thought it wuz just pure music like led zeppelin live... well turns out itss more like a spinal tap than a live concert.. but it was ok .... i liked a few of the songs but like on rock and roll robert plant has a really low voice. but like i said b4 the video was pretty good. iguess if your a really big fan of zeppelin you'll like this cd but if your just a casual fan i'd skip it and buy the led zeppelin dvd if u want a video of them...."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "We even don't have to discuss the picture or sound quality of this DVD at all. ( If you must know the quality of the picture is poor, after all it was filmed in the 1980s, but the sound quality is excellent)This is Maestro Karajan's only appearance on Wiener Philarmoniker's New Year's Concert so it's worth having it for any Classical music fans. The Maestro was in the twilight of his life so you should not expect an energetic Karajan on the stage,but the great conductor was fully devoted to the music of his native Austria. The Soprano version of the Waltz Sound of Spring was the highlight...."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Pack up the Plantation documents Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers \"Southern Accents\" tour. This video was recorded at the same shows as the album, the set list between the video and album do varey a bit though. Having the album Pack up the Plantation, I really enjoy it, so I figured I would buy the video. Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers put on a great show! I've never seen them live,but know when I get the chance to go to one of their concerts I will. This a band that always plays great and sounds in top form. Even though this video is a pricey buy, I recommend it to all Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers fans, and to all rock and roll fans in general."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I never thought Enya would reach the sublime heights of Evacuee or Marble Halls from 'Shepherd Moons.' 'The Celts, Watermark and Day...' were all pleasant and admirable throughout, but are less ambitious both lyrically and musically. But Hope Has a Place from 'Memory...' reaches those heights and beyond. It is Enya at her most inspirational and comforting. I'm actually glad that this song didn't get overexposed the way Only Time did. It makes it that much more special to all who own this album."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Flyleaf have a thunderous, powerful sound that suits the songs' passion and emotion. Heavy guitar-based rock juxtaposes with secret weapon Lacey Mosley's sweet vocals (and she can roar with the best of them as well!). Every song is fabulously catchy, not a weak one in the bunch. My favorite is the instant classic 'I'm So Sick'. The five acoustic versions of selected songs show how diverse the band is by not just rearranging them but re-imagining them. The dark, goth-y DVD included kicks! This is a band to look out for."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Amazing!!!!  It is rare indeed to find the kind of quality document that this beautifully restored film is.  The sound is round and full in both 2 channel and surround.  The DTS Master audio is actually a marvel.  Thunderous!  The picture is fantastic considering how long ago this was filmed.  I only wish there were more of this band at their peak, and for that matter for many other artists of that time.  The extra features are average, but nice with interviews of current and past rock greats commenting on AC/DC's influence, etc.  If you are a fan, than this is an absolute MUST!!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've dreaded writing this review, as to do it justice I would have had to spend several hours writing down all the wondrous nuances of orchestration, choreography, dance by both principals and corps, as well as the superb videography to do it justice.  To take the lazy man's way out, let me just summarize that in 60 years of viewing this ballet, both in person and in recordings, this is the most enjoyable and artistically perfect of any I have seen.  In particular, not wishing to take away anything from my love for Maya Plisetskaya, I think Yulia Makhalina is far and away the best Odette/Odile of any I have viewed.  This is the video I would show first to anyone who has not yet discovered the wonders of ballet."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I made the mistake of buying the newest DVD before this one.  There is no comparison.  I was used to hearing these tracks from the album of the same name, and the movie format it is unedited, usually a good thing.  But I found the sound track fading in and out at the most inopportune times.  No Quarter from the album has the most riveting organ and guitar solo, but it must have been filmed on a different night for the film, because it is shorter and lacks bravado.  Yes, the fantasy sequences are a bit dated and cheesy but that comes with the territory of the film and when it was made.  Overall it is still good but nothing compares to the newest DVD for live musical content.A must for any Zep fan to have."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "If you're a fan of the award-winning book, then I predict you'll enjoy this movie as well. The animation is lovely, the music is superb, and the characters are simply delightful.This movie is very innocent and genuine, something that you don't see very much of these days; with all these R-rated movies packed with violence and vulgarity and sexuality and heaven knows what else. \"Charlotte's Web\" has none of that. It is nothing but pure gentility and pure fun for the whole family. I absolutely love it, and I'm definitely looking forward to the release of the live-action version."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Celine Dion is definitely the biggest highlight from the first ever Divas Live. Her solo performances of River Deep, Mountain High and My Heart Will Go On are impeccable. Everyone agrees that her My Heart Will Go On performance on this show is one of her best and most memorable yet. She also does The Reason with Carole King. Shania Twain performing Man!I Feel Like A Woman! and You're Still The One also contributes to making this show better than it would have been with incredibly mediocre Gloria Estefan, incredibly annoying Mariah Carey, and incredibly over hyped Aretha Franklin. MARIAH CAREY IS NOT A GREAT SINGER!!!!!!!!It was awesome to see Celine rightfully upstage Aretha in the finale. Classic. Aretha may be the Queen Of Soul(ick) but Celine Dion is the Queen of ALL singers! The Canadians rule the day here, folks!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Why anyone would want to watch a roadcrew assembling a stage is beyond me but once you fastforward that, and get to the part where Bon grabs his beer before heading on stage, it is absolutley powerful stuff. He is a combination of Brian Johnson and Robert Plant in his heyday...a wild rock and roll throwback that lived for women and booze. He lived fast and died hard, and I truly believe he had no interest in growing old, so he was called home after a hard night of drinking. All AC-DC needed that night was a stage, and the music is raw and hard driving...the Angus &quot;show&quot; is highly amusing and he plays his tail off, while Bon sings his off....highly recommended."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "A nice collectible concert for living in the past as the song remains the same. Video transfer quality is ok considering the film is about 35 years old. Audio quality has been greatly improved and makes this title worthwhile for Zeppelin fans. This DVD replaced my VHS copy of the movie. The extras are also ok, nothing to get too excited about. If you are expecting the concert to look as good as modern day 16:9 standard DVD's let alone HD DVD's you will be disappointed. A must have for serious collectors as HD is being discontinued.  I give this release four flaming chilies as it is Led Zeppelin after all."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I guess my main concern with this film is that it plays out far more like a concert special than a documentary.  While watching Janis Joplin sing with all the soul and heart needed to sell practically anything is a delight, I really wanted more insight into who she was as an artist and as a human being.  Instead I was merely shown a few short interviews spliced between concert performances.  There is no depth here, unless you read between the lines of her music (which tells a very strong story and yet just isn&#8217;t enough here).  If you want to experience her music, raw and unfiltered then I suggest seeking this out, but if you want a true documentary on the life and times of Janis Joplin then you are going to be disappointed here."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "The very best Peter Pan ever made for film. I am sure we are not the only family that loves this movie together as a family. We have to watch it every year at Christmas , 4 generations gather around the TV sometime during December to watch Peter Pan and a few other family favorite movies. We just love the animation and the way in which the story is told, it makes you wish Neverland was real and we could all be kids and play forever. We love watching our gandsons pretending to be Peter and fighting Hook. A huge bowl of homemade caramel corn, and beverage of your choice have been found by our family to only enhance the viewing pleasure!"}
{"label": 6, "raw": "This is one of the best collections of his videos.  Wish it had been reissued on a one side disc and for HDTV. I gave it only 3*s because it is a great collection but does not look great on HDTV.  I originally bought this years ago for my granddaughter.  Have now bought it again for myself.  Have been following Michael since the beginning and was so looking forward to his successful return.  Michael Jackson was truly a giant in the music industry and The King of Pop is a title he has earned."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "When I was five, I was in love with Peter Pan. I thought I was going to marry him when I got older, and tried jumping out of a window, thinking I could fly. Now, at 14, I moved on to Michael. He's adorable! But..ahem...This classic Disney movie is about Peter Pan, Neverland, the lost buys.... Wendy tells her younger brothers, John and Michael, stories about Peter Pan every night. Peter Pan himself loves these stories, and when he finds out that there will be no more stories because Wendy is moving from the nursery, he takes matters into his owns hands. He teaches the kids how to fly and takes them to Neverland, where the adventure starts.No matter what your age is, if you have any taste, you'll love this movie."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Only the film version of Carmen tops this breathtakingly beautiful and sumptuous production of La Traviata. During the overture we see Violetta towards the end of the opera, nearing her tragic death. She looks more like a phantasm, especially when seen next to her lovely portrait, painted when she was radiating beauty and health. Act one thus marks the start of Violetta reminiscing about how she and Alfredo fell in love. This is a most effective beginning, and as this is a film it gives us unique new insights into one of Verdi's most well-known and beloved operas. As such, it allows us to view the opera with new eyes, making us fall in love with it all over again. The singing and acting of Domingo and Stratas are outstanding, although that of Cornell Macneil is somewhat stiff. Aside from perhaps tradionalists who believe that opera can only be performed in the opera house, this film version is sure to please opera and non-opera fans alike."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "After having seen Closure by Nine Inch Nails, I feel my conclusion is of truth. This video, quite simply is the best thing a NIN fan could get. The first tape (which contrary to what has been said in other reviews) is not too poorly recorded. The live performances are full of energy, yet sometimes shaky. This is the only flaw of the video. The second tape makes the $25 Amazon price seem reasonable. It's the most amazing collection of NIN videos. I guarantee that you'll be thrilled to say the least when you see this. Every video is included from 1989-1997. You get the videos for &quot;Head Like A Hole&quot;, &quot;Down In It&quot;, &quot;Terrible Lie&quot;, &quot;Closer&quot;, and many more including the beautiful video for &quot;The Perfect Drug&quot;. This would be the best addition to even the smallest Nine Inch Nails fans collection. Like I said before, simply amazing."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "Ok... in my book, you can't miss any film that has the great Peter Lorre in a key role. While this film was most likely intended to make a statement about society, it translates nicely as a finely crafted story of a manhunt for a despicable murderer of children.The Criterion dvd features a very nice print, and considering this is in the early day of sound film, maintains a clean soundtrack.Like the best of post WWI German films, M makes people look at themselves and question the power that leads, or misleads. The gray area is surprisingly broad when presented in such a skilled way. This film merits re-watching as the arguement proposed in M leaves further questions, rather than answers.The sharp editing and stark imagery make the technical execution of this film a classic and paints society itself as ugly as its own nightmares."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I watched this over and over with my son when he was little. Now I have a little granddaughter and she loves it too. This is a very fun movie. Karate kicking, pizza eating turtle boys are probably not the best influence but they are sweet (even Raf in his way) and well intentioned with a strong sense of right and wrong. Shredder is scary and bad but try to find a movie without an antagonist. And at the end of the day parents are a far bigger influence than any movie is ever gonna be."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I LOVE Ozzy Osbourne.He is awesome live.He has one of the best stage presences in metal.But this DVD is not a real concert.What this is the music from the Live and Loud CD played in the background played over a bunch of crappy video footage.Half of it doesn't even belong here.The music is great,but the video footage is what messes this up.If you want a real Ozzy concert,buy &quot;Live At Budokan&quot;.If you want to get the REAL concert this was taken from,buy the CD.Also,The DVD does NOT have instant chapter access like the case says so.Plus,the DVD is two sided.This means that you have to flip it over in the middle of the concert."}
{"label": 6, "raw": "I've seen it, and I like it.  The tunes are great, and this sort of thing was what every kid who picked up a guitar in the 80s dreamed of (fame, money, girls...okay, mostly girls, and lots of them.)  My only real problem  stems from one thing:  Why weren't Eric and Bruce allowed to have a little  more camera time?  I think they were in the thing for a grand total of 3  minutes.  the other 80+ seemed to be devoted to Gene &amp; Paul being  silly.  Good shot, but not quite a bull's-eye."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Paired with a nokia 6230. Awesome headset. The battery life is pretty long. It feels really light on your ear and the sound is excellent.Some of these people must be going deaf or something because this thing can get loud. I never have the volume at max when I use this. And if this thing feels heavy on your ear, you must have ears the size of nickels. Or you're using two of them on the same ear...i don't know.Whenever I use this I sometimes forget I have them it until the unit rings... which makes me twitch because I'm not expecting a ring blasting thru my ear.I hate:-wind noise. You can't carry a conversation when you're driving with the windows down. or walking and the wind blowing in your face.-voice dialing may or may not work.-it makes my phone hang and reset. but that could be a phone problem in general.-30 feet? more like 10. 15 at best."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is easily the best bluetooth headset I've used. I use a cell phone in my home office all day, and I need a headset that sounds very natural and as close to a land line sound as possible. This one delivers that, with very clear sound on both ends.  It's also the lightest one I've used, and it's very easy to wear it all day without discomfort. It also doesn't drop connections with the phone (a blackberry).  I've used a jawbone (sounds like it's a shortwave radio transmission), nokia bh-900 (clear but very uncomfortable for all day use), and a half dozen others in the last few years, and the others don't come close.  I also like that it comes with additional ear loops, but I doubt I'll need them since the earloop seems sturdier that the little wire loops most headsets come with, and I won't be carrying it in my pocket due to discomfort.Buy this one, you'll love it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The product works fine and for the money is a good deal, however, the plastic faceplate on mine fell off (a little scotch tape did the trick)and it would be easier to use if it had a backlight. That being said, it's probably just the glue on this one that went bad on the face plate because the other four of them my company has have had no such problem. The lack of a back light though, makes you need to use a flashlight when you use it in tight quarters or under desks. I'd gladly pay another $5 -$10 if it had a backlight. Good devive though and pretty fast when you use it right. Not hard to learn either.Wayne"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have this headset for work and use the band that wraps around the head instead of just the ear loop.  I find this is the most comfortable option for me.  The headset has been great and I have never had a problem with it since i have owned it (approx 2 years).  The range is great and I can get up from my desk and walk to the printer during a call no problem.  Overall I am very pleased with this headset and others in my office have purchased this based on my recommendation and they love it as well."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a replacement for a prior Motorola bluetooth headset of very similar design. I was quite pleased with the old one, until after about 2 years when it just died. That was 2 years of daily service, so not an issue. But this new one has issues holding pairing with a Blackberry 8700G, and has significant voice static unless the Blackberry is on the same side of my body as the headset, and not in the holster. The old one didn't have that problem.On the positive side, the USB mini charger saves me one more power adaptor when traveling, which is a good thing. They should all have that feature."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It appears in the photo that these might be sturdy items to keep your flash/thumb drives in one handy place. Nothing's further from the truth. The &#34;thread&#34; is not much thicker than what you'd use to sew buttons with and the ring that you are led to believe will hold several items is barely 1/3&#34; in diameter. Furthermore, if you actually put a thumb drive on the ring, you'd need a pair of needle nose pliers to spread the ring apart, then forcefully close it back together. Yes, they are cheap and yes, there are several in the pack. But at over $8.00 in shipping (they come from Singapore), you can probably fashion a better thumb drive holder by using parts of old key chains. This is by far the worst purchase I've ever experienced on Amazon...who should be ashamed of themselves for selling such trashy junk.The jokes on me...I fell for the hype. Don't let that happen to you."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is clearly not a HTC cable as it has the Blackberry logo on it and the bulk packaging label says Blackberry...but it's a OEM micro usb cable none the less and works perfectly on any micro usb device I plugged it into.While I haven't tested it's speed against other cables I doubt it outperforms any other OEM cable but it works and that's all I asked for of it.The cable is a bit thick and as a result is stiff but not unmanageably so.It should also be noted that the cable shown in the picture is not of the actual product, that is a mini usb cable and appears to be quite a bit longer than the product, this cable is 1m long."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "we bought this charging cord because the t505 only came with a car charger.  we now have 2 t505 with the 2nd one intended for use with connecting our bluetooth enabled phones with the home stereo.  this cord offers a convenient way to charge both as we are not in the car for long enough periods for the device to charge completely while travelling.  by bringing in the devices we are able to charge overnight to a full charge.  great price and no complaints with receipt of material in either packaging or transit time."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've tried the Motorola ones and either I couldn't hear or the person on the other end couldn't hear (usually both).  I bought this based on a recommendation of a Realtor that swore by it, and to be honest, I have only had occasional trouble with it.  It's comfortable to wear, it's easy to hear, the other person hears me.  I wear it most of the day, on project sites, while driving, even at home.  It works as expected and I'm very pleased with the results.  If you need a bluetooth, this is the one."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I personally think the Black Edition RAZR phone looks really cool, better than the regular silver version.  The phone is otherwise identical to its silver twin... but, really, it just looks so cool -- and you'll differentiate yourself from The Crowd.The phone is very capable and packed with features.  Unlike some high-end Moto phones from a year or two back, this one works very well and has a decent interface.  Everyone I know who has this phone simply loves it.[...]"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The headset works pretty well with my treo 755p. In fact, it's the best headset I've found for the treo (tried plantronics and motorola previously without success). However, the ear hooks were missing from the package and Samsung customer service wouldn't even speak to me without me providing my phone's ESN numbers. WTH? I also attempted to make a request on Samsung's service website, which also would not function correctly. I called Amazon CS and they sent a replacement after 4 minutes on the phone. AWESOME!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a good blue tooth. I can hear great with this product. My husband had a problem with it, that is wasn't load enough for him. He drives truck. Just a little bulky for my taste. This is the first blue tooth I had when I got my first blue tooth compatible phone. Had lots of them.The only draw back is. They only lasted about six months and we had to get new one. And the product does pick up allot of background noise. But it does work well. Would recommend this to others."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a really nice USB 2.0 hub. It works way better than the 7-port DLink it replaced. The LED lights are a bit bright, but for me it's not much of an issue since the hub lives down on the floor in my setup. I agree that it would be nice to be able to to turn them off though if it's too bright, just cover over them with a strip of tape-problem solved.I am impressed with this hub and would recommend it.Note-it is actually smaller than it looks in the pictures."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It is chinesse(like almost everything in this world LOL) but they are really well done, and for the price they are a bargain.The screw drivers have a free rolling top to make pressure, and the body is rellay good, nice grip and 3 lobules ergonomics.The pliers are just as good as you can get, no problems with them and good finish on the edges, not like razors like othersthe prying tool is just what you need for almost any device you want to tear apart(besides the iPad) they have enough strenght to pry out plastics and even aluminun bodys of smartphones.There is to mini screwdriver, a flat an a phillips, I use them for electronics.Overall pretty satisfied, I would buy another one later on"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "You may not need these types of screwdrivers often, but when you do need them, nothing else will do.  They're great for tightening eyeglass screws or opening up the cases of small electronic devices.This is a nice set.  It comes with 4 slotted and 2 philips style in a variety of sizes. They seem to be well made and I suspect that they last a long time. The swivel heads allow you to put downward pressure on the screwdriver as you turn it to minimize the risk of stripping the head on delicate small screws. The case has a labeled space for each screwdriver. It's your typical plastic case with a snap top and should hold up as long as you don't step on it or drop something on it.  This set is a nice value for the price."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've paired mine with a Razr V3 black and a Razr V3i without any issues. The sound is perfect, no static or other interference. Callers on the other end can hear me clearly and vice versa. This is very lightweight and portable and I cannot recommend this enough!The only thing I want to mention is that when I purchased this a while back, the getting started guide was outdated and gave me an older sequence of steps for pairing the device, so it was frustrating in the beginning until I realized that the instructions were wrong. I went online to Motorola and got the proper set of instructions, and voila, perfect!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a great little item.  I stress the 'little' part.  You won't feel like the Borg with this in your ear.  As a matter of fact, you won't even realize it is there.  One thing I would recommend.  Get the little attachment so you can loop it over your ear.  It is available from Samsung for 5.95 I believe.  Without it, you will have an extremely hard time keeping the headset in your ear.  And, it is so small and light, you may not even realize that it has fallen out.  It will drive you crazy without this piece.  I don't understand why it is not included with the headset - it is that necessary.  I have looked at the more expensive ones.  I see no reason to pay the big bucks.  Get it!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this case despite some negative reviews due to needing stuff ASAP as Sprint was shipping me my new S4 and i dread not having everything i need right away..I am using this case for a Samsung S4 with a Hyperion Samsung Galaxy S4 5200mAh Extended Battery + Black Back Cover (Compatible With ALL Samsung Galaxy S 4 Models) [18 Month Warranty] **NOW WITH NFC / Google Wallet** and the Hyperion Samsung Galaxy S4 Extended Battery HoneyComb Matte TPU Case / Cover  for the enlarged battery and Door. This case performed great for 2 weeks, then the GLUE just stopped holding the seams together for all stress points on the case. I bought mine from  DeCi Accessories. I cannot recommend this case."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Love the battery life, look and size, but have found the sound inferior to my  bottom-of-the-line HS 805.  Frequent static.And then the topper--whenever it is on, the blue light on the side blinks.  The instructions say that this stops after five minutes, or that it can be disabled by holding the two volume buttons.  Both are lies.  Maybe some twenty-something year old designer thought it was way cool to walk around with a big blinking LED on the side of your head, but I can't use this in a business setting.  It's going back."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "As other reviews have said, this works quite well as a bluetooth speaker phone. However, the visor clip on mine kept slipping on the visor, resulting in the phone moving around.  When I moved the phone to the other end of the visor, hoping that being closer to the connection to the car instead of a snap that held it in place would result in less vibration and hence less motion, it failed to cover the road noise. I suspect this is more a problem with my car, in that the visor bounces more and is slippery, than with the speakerphone, but it stillwent back."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This case is best at protecting the face and back of the phone. If you need all around protection (military, police, etc), look for another case. I like it because of the ease to attach charger, no need to remove from case. It does the job if your just looking to protect your phone in your purse or backpack. As far a using wired headsets, unless you use a hole puncher and seam ripper, as I did, to make a hole there is no opening for them. Fits snug on Galaxy S2 even after months of use. The magnetic closure can come off depending on the rough usage."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use this on my MacBook so I can connect several items at the same time including a USB keyboard and optical mouse, my iPad and iPhone, a webcam, an external hard drive and even a light o Rama controller for my Christmas lights. This thing works great and provides plenty of power for all devices. I haven't seen any slowness in my webcam, iPad/iPhone syncing or even copying large movies to my external hard drive. This guy works great and I am not at all disappointed in performance. I am however a bit disappointed in the design. This has to sit on the corner of my desk and i need plenty of room on both sides to allow the USB cables to plug in. I would have had them design it like a tower with the plugs all on the back one on top of another. That being said, the current design does offer some added stability to keep the hub from falling over. Overall a great performer and a decent design."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The Motorola micro-USB Rapid Rate charger is ideal for recharging the Motorola Droid line of Android devices that seemingly are always in need of recharging, especially the Droid 4 with it's unremovable battery.  Since so many cell phone manufacturers (15 at last count) have made the micro-USB connector their gold-standard for cell phones into the foreseeable future, you can't go wrong to have a spare charger available. When we aren't using the charger for one of our cells, undoubtedly whomever is with us is usually charging their cell or android device.I learned to stick with Motorola the hard way - I bought an off-brand charger that wouldn't charge my Droid 4! It became apparent the other charger wasn't supplying enough power.  I am lucky I didn't have the opposite problem, the off-brand charger could have fried my phone!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "this is a great product for multiple devices in a vehicle that only has one port, i recommend it to anyone looking for extra ports in an older vehicle...!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "May not be for everyone, but I like it. The case is very solid. The screen is well protected while leaving ample openings for on/off, volume, camera, speaker, S pen, earphone, and microUSB port. Heeding the warning from other users that the beltclip breaks off readily, I intentionally broke it off :) and put the rest of the holder/phone in my cargo pants. Not real fast getting the phone out, but with bluetooth so ubiquitous these days, there's less need for speed. The built-in stand is a little unstable in the 'portrait' position, but works fine in the 'landscape' position. It also works well with a dash (GPS) holder: i.Trek ME-USDM Universal Dashboard Mount, also from Amazon."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "his and the white version of wireless headphone for ipod is being clearanced elsewhere for a good reason. I got one and it really cracks just by being flexed often enough, which is really unavoidable no matter how careful you are. It is only a matter of time. Mine cracked within a week, and yes I knew about the problem beforehand and was very careful. Unless you have a really small head (maybe the size of a softball), don't mind a cracked band or enjoy going through customer service, don't get it. it looks and sounds good otherwise, and works with computer bluetooth adaptors provided that you have software driver support for high quality bluetooth audio (a2dp). it's a pity."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've tried several of these cell phone signal boosters, and I have to say, not one of them is worth a dime.  Do they boost your cell signal?  Maybe...a little....sort of... not really.  Yes, the bars on my Sprint phone do jump a tad when I turn this on, but it's barely noticeable and certainly not worth the exorbitant price.  This one just feels like tech snake-oil.  No, moving to different locations made no difference.  Nothing did.  This thing is just a placebo.  Don't bother."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It doesn't charge very much at all while running Google Navigation on my Galaxy S3. It will keep up, and charge about 4% an hour.  I have a cheapo Luxmo charger that charges 10% an hour while running Navigation.  But, this charger is only rated 950mah and does work so it stays in my wife's car.I did receive what appears to be a genuine Motorola product, otherwise I would give it 3 stars.  I don't think this thing is really 950mah. I have a 500mah Blackberry charger and it works the same as this one.  Find the cheap Luxmo 1 amp charger.  It really is 1 amp."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The batteries were exactly as advertised, they were delivered in a normal timeframe, there were no issues or hiccups or drama with the vendor.  It was \"slam, bam, thank you, sirs or madams.\"  Battery life is really subjective as everyone's \"normal\" is different.  But life is definitely restored compared to my original 2 year old battery.  My experience is use of Bluetooth really drains batteries quickly.  But that's a Bluetooth issue that goes away if you don't use Bluetooth.  I have no complaints at all with this product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Bought these in Aug 07 and they worked great out of the box.  They were especially good in the gym or anywhere inside, but had a very limited range outdoors. When jogging you have to keep your device strapped to your arm-which is not a big deal and the headset works good.  Reason the review is in the past tense is that from one use to the next the volume up control stopped working. The volume down button worked, so I tried lowering the volume to the bottom and then increase..oh well..it reached the bottom and won't increase, so essentially you can't hear any sound out of it any longer.  I'll now have to deal with the warranty dept of Motorola I suppose. But I wouldn't buy these again, as I have read of this defect in other reviews"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm a road warrior who logs a LOT of time traveling.  I've abused this thing in every airport from EWR to LAX and it has performed as advertised to date.  No clip failures, magnetic latch is reliable, it hasn't loosened up significantly and appears to offer pretty good protection for my beloved Crackberry.  The RIM 'holster' function works fine so obviously the phone is sensing the magnet correctly and going into holster profile exactly as it should.  It's your basic black, boring holster that you'll see on 10,000 traveling businessmen in any airport in America (me included).  If that fits your needs, can't go wrong with it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "We finally tried the Plantronics CS-55 Dect 6.0 Digital Wireless Office Headset and it is AWESOME!  We were using Plantronics CS50 headsets and they just give off feeback and crackle.The Plantronics CS-55 Dect 6.0 Digital Wireless Office Headset is really great, good sound quality, no feedback, no buzzing in your ear!  And people can actually hear you!We have 7 wireless headsets working in our office and 2 are the CS-55.  Once the CS50 ones break (which will be soon) I will be replacing them all with the CS-55!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought, exchanged, and then returned this unit.  Both units delivered to me would not turn on.  When I charged them using the supplied adaptor, the red charging light came on and a few hours later, the unit was supposedly fully charged.  However, when I attempted to turn the unit on by pressing the power button, nothing happened.  The unit never came on, could not be paired, and never worked.  I returned both of them.  I can understand one unit being bad, but two units that were shipped several weeks apart shouldn't be.When I called for technical support, I waited on hold for sometime, and then gave up."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Thank goodness for whatever committee decided to standardize on the micro-usb connector for power on so many portable devices.  This power port adapter (power port formerly known as Prince,oops, I mean cigarette lighter) will charge both my phones and both my tablets.  I get a warm fuzzy feeling in knowing it is a Motorola device as I have had positive experiences with Motorola equipment.  To top it off, it has a very cool blue light when it is charging.  So a free light show is included.  Nice charger at a very reasonable price."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Samsung has made a very attractive and slim slider phone with an incredibly vivid color LCD. This is probably one of the best slider phones on the market. The only complaint that I have is the keys on the main outer display are too flush and if you have larger fingers, then you will probably constantly hit the wrong buttons. Sound quality is excellent and will also depend on carrier reception. Speakerphone is very good and can be utilized with or without phone being opened. Overall, an excellent entry into the slider phone market by Samsung in a compact package."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "After reading all of the reviews, most of the other cases seemed a lot sketchier to me (reviews were very mixed).  I figured it was worth the extra few dollars to get a great one that I knew would work well (this was getting great reviews).  I didn't want to have to deal with trying to return a cheap $3 charger to some random company and risk that it would put my Droid on the fritz.  The extra few bucks was great for peace of mind.  It works perfectly and charges pretty fast.  No issues and love it!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I ordered the H700 after reading a number of good reviews. I got it from Circuit City, so it's not a 'counterfeit'.  It pairs well with my Moto Q9C, and it is very comfortable- but thats the end of the good things I can say about it. The volume is too low for me to hear callers if there is any ambient noise, and the static which happens sporadically *usually when I'm on an important call makes this virtually unusable.  I guess I will RMA and see if this one is a dud and the replacment is any better."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "the smell, the smell, oh my god, the smell!!!!!! ok i had read the other reviews and i thought, &#34;how bad could it be&#34;.... can you say brainbusting headache bad!!!!, i had to leave it in front of an air purifier for DAYS!!! and it still had the aroma of a toxic waste dump... but in all seriousness the smell went away after about 7 to 10 days, &#34;or i just got used to it, lol,&#34; and it has made one of the best  ipad mini cases i have ever used... and i have used about 100.."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "At airports watching people talking into space with some huge clam attached to their ear with a flashing blue light swore me off bluetooth. This headset from Plantronics is extremely small, nicely packaged, it paired immediately with my Blackberry 7100t.The packaging is very cleverly done and the headset itself is a simple silver cylinder and weights a mere 9 grams. Audio quality was high and a recent 7100t software upgrade increased volume levels to more than acceptable. A variety of included ear pieces ensure you're likely to find a comfortable fit. I've been getting about 2-3 hours of talk time on a single charge which while not perfect is adequate for most people.As a small minus, the button to connect/disconnect/turn-on or off takes a bit of getting used to as it feels a bit mushy missing a positive click to confirm your selection.If you're worried about compatibility, the Plantronics website provides a pull down selector for mfg/phone to confirm."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I,M A TRUCK DRIVER AND THIS HEADSET IS PERFECT FOR USE IN TRUCKS, MY FRIENDS TURNED ME ON TO THIS MODEL. I USED OTHERS THAT SAID THEY WERE NOISE CANCELLING AND THEY DID A NICE JOB IN MY CAR BUT SOON AS I USED THEM IN MY TRUCK NO ONE COULD UNDERSTAND ME. THE BLUE PARROT HAS A NICE QUIET SOUND TO IT, EVERYONE SAYS I SOUND GOOD ALSO WITH THE THE CUP EARPIECE I HAVE TO TURN THE VOLUME DOWN OR IT BLOWS ME OUT SO YOU HEAR VERY WELL WITH IT. THE ONLY THING I HAVE EVER HEARD CLOSE TO THIS WAS THE PLANTRONICS 510 BUT THE EARPIECE WAS NOT EVEN CLOSE TO THIS"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This headset works pretty well with good noise canceling, but it won't stay attached to my ear so the part that rests on my face loses contact.  At most it will stay on my head for 10 minutes. I find myself repeatedly twisting the thing back into place.  The second one I got (the first was missing parts) came apart when I tried to unplug it from the charging cable. Jawbone does not seem to offer any other buds (not even spares) so I just ordered some Acoustibuds in the hope that I can actually use it. If they don't work I will try a hack I saw with a Jabra eargels product - that involves cutting up the supplied earbuds and gluing the eargels to the locking piece. I will update this review once I get it to work (or not)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "With a new Mtorola Razr Maxx in my Verizon shopping cart, I was put off by the high prices for chargers and charger \"bundles\" so over to Amazon I came.Found this one here and have had no problems at all with it. The 12v plug fits snugly, the mini-usb fits the phone just right and that cool blue circle just looks great when running in the car.What can I say, the packaging looks pretty authentic for an OEM part, but my field is not in copyright infringement, so what do I know? :-)I really didn't expect to be impressed by the way a car charger looks, but it's really a nice piece of design work and the round piece at the end gives you something to grasp when removing it from the socket. And what a price! I would advise you to go for it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The only downside with this headset is that the first one I owned broke after about 2 years of use. First the ear \"hook\" piece broke off. Then the 2.5mm jack broke while in a plug - I'm only glad it was in an adapter and not my phone at the time or it would have ruined the phone.I bought another one and it works fine. Hopefully that broken 2.5mm jack was a one-time thing. Otherwise the sound quality and fit are great. The reviewer who says the ear piece is too snug should use a smaller ear piece - there are 3 different sizes that come with the headset for each ear."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Motorola P513 Car ChargerThe P513 is a micro-USB car charger that works on the Droid, Droid2, and DroidX. I can't figure out a way to change the inline fuse (if there is one), but it is cheap enough to be used as a disposable car charger. The blue LED-lit Motorola logo is a nice touch, as well as the wire tether that is included.Pros: Gets the job done at a great price, looks greatCons: Doesn't appear to be an easy way to change the fuse (if any) - but it is not a big dealOverall: 5/5 stars"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "All I really care about in a right-now-immediate way is calls.  Texts, and even weather emergencies can wait ten or fifteen minutes for me to check my phone again.  I have tiny wrists, and hate wearing stuff on my wrists anyway.  This I have on a lanyard when it's not in my ear, and it does the job perfectly (OK, I have a FitBit, too).  Vibrating with caller ID is all I *need.* I'm happy to wait out these first few (really) dry runs of smartwatches until Sony, Pebble, Samsung, Qualcomm, Apple (in 2018) and/or Martian finally get it right."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The Boxwave case I bought for my Note II (Bodysuit) has disappeared from Amazon. This is the same case but with a uniform glossy texture.  I had a Boxwave case for my Note I and it was great.  This new case is even better.  It is thinner and more streamlined, and the buttons work even better.  This doesn't have cutouts for the buttons, instead it has well-designed buttons of its own molded into the case that push on the phone's buttons.  I like this because the buttons work just as well but they are protected at the same time from crud/damage.  Cutouts for the ports/mics/camera/stylus are placed perfectly and sized appropriately. Lastly, this case is made from TPU, which is the best case material in my opinion.  It's firmer so it stays on the phone better than the soft silicone cases and does not pick up lint or stick to your pocket, while still offering some cushion when you drop it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This device is pretty simple, plug it in, hold the button to pair and thats pretty much it. It works fine with theJabra BT620s Headphonesand does its job well, but my only complaint is that it seems to suffer from some interference every now and then that some of my other Bluetooth devices don't.Please note well that this is just a minor quibble, and the overall performance is superb. The device comes with a USB-A to USB-Mini-B cable (pretty standard) and will charge via any USB port. I get between 8-12 hours of use per charge.Note: This will only work with headsets that support the A2DP profile. It does not have a regular Mono headset profile."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "\"$6 for a battery? too good to be true?\" That's what I thought, \"but for $6, why not give it a shot?\" I'm just using it as a \"second\" battery because the Pearl 8130 has such poor battery life, I could throw this in my luggage, or whatever when I go on a trip. Well, I've been swapping back and forth between my original and this one for a few weeks now (to make sure they stay charged) and I can never tell the difference in life, they both seem to work exactly the same. The only difference is this one has a non-OEM looking sticker wrapping it, looks to be printed from a scan of an OEM."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Had zero effect. My windows must already allow enough signal through for this to not make a difference. Bought it for the back of my place because I get full bars right outside on the patio, and almost none inside (I live in a concrete apartment). If I put the phone in the same place I had this, I get good reception, but this didn't extend my signal any, or act as a repeater. Didn't seem to help in the car either, but I don't really need it there."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This jell pad is a harder compound than other more expensive jell pads I have used and is less subject to damage from use. As long as it is kept clean it does it's job. I bought it because I drive serveral different vehicles during a weeks time and wanted something inexpensive to hold my cell phone. This does what I wanted it to do only with a little more cleaning maintenance. The pad will hold one item comfortably, such as a cell phone. Add an item and it is a crowded pad. Fast shipper as I received this item within a few days after ordering."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a great case for the Samsung Galaxy S3 and BoxWave does a great job in making a quality classy durable product.  I love that it incorporates my wallet with my phone so that they are together instead of having to carry it separate.  It provides access to all the buttons, camera, charge slots, speakers and it makes it look not so obvious when it is closed.  Many people often mistake it for a journal, calendar, bible, etc.  I also like that it protects my screen in the closed position.  A great product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this one 2 years ago, it still work well, battery life is good and I recharge it once a week, it can be charged on car too.Volume can be adjusted easily, I like chat with driving and it is a wonderful earphone.With a cable you can connect to your pc directly and listen to music too.In winter it is so wonderful, as it is a ear protection in a cold and windy morning:-)it is a little bit heavier at beginning, for man it is perfect, my daughters can not wear it without holding it.in one word, it is a good product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I got two of these.  One for my wife and one for me.  I can not tell when she calls me if she is on the phone or using the headset ( maybe that is more a comment on the phone :) ).The voice interface of the phone has more to do with how well this works.  On my wife's phone she has to train each contact she wants to voice dial.  Not very practical.  On my phone it just figures it out but sometimes I am not certain who it has decided to call.  We both end up dialing through the phone and using the headset to talk and answer calls.  (We both have Verizon WM5 PDA phones.)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "We purchased this in an attempt to weed out which appliances are causing our electric bill to rise.  It takes a little practice and some time interpreting the instruction manual, but it is worth it to see exactly what each item is costing on an hourly, daily, weekly, etc. basis.  I would have given it 5 stars except for the fact that it can be very inconvenient to plug things into it.  The prongs on the back are positioned in such a way as to take up the entire outlet cover, so anything else plugged in has to be removed first.  This would be many times more user friendly if it had a short section of cord on the back so it could be plugged in and still positioned in such a way as to be more viewable too.  You have to get down eye level with wherever it is plugged in to read its results because as soon as you unplug it the display goes blank."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a great charger with a bit longer cord which I really like! I bought one of the just wireless car chargers from Walmart for about $10 and thought I was getting a steal. I plugged it in and it made my phone reboot! Probably from a short, but never the less, I bought this charger and it works like a gem! My only complaint is that it does stick out pretty far (unnecessarily far) but for $3.xx I can't complain. Also, I think it charges my phone quicker than the just wireless one (when my phone wasn't rebooting). :) Get it!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have a Treo 650, on Sprint PCS, with a firmware update of 1.08For the most part, I actually like this headset because it is very comfy, and people seem to hear me well (the comfort is a big deal, as I often wear glasses)however, this headset takes a long time to connect with the T650 --- a good 7 to 10 seconds on most calls (and by then, most people have hung up)in addition, the volume is okay in the car (or other isolated places) but forget about using it outside or in noiser environmentsI've heard that it works well with Moto products though ---- for Treo 650 users, I highly recommend the Scala 500, which has fast connection times and loud volumehappy shopping!!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have placed these in several of my phones since they first came out in the 1990s. I know that they made a big difference in my older phones that had physical antennae&#8217;s which needed to be pulled out of the phone.  Since the phone antennae&#8217;s have changed, I haven&#8217;t been able to notice any significant improvements with these installed or without them. I install them now because I got some for free and this is probably what they are now worth. The level of improved reception is about as noticeable as the loss of cash that I paid to get these free signal boosters."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I guess it depends on your phone, even though this cable says it works with the shine, there is no shine driver on the cd. without the proper driver you cannot proceed. I don't think it's the cable at all, which is working very well at charging the phone. I did hunt around and downloads the drivers, the phone then shows up as removable f:...sometimes....but not in Windows Media Player and I could not get any music to transfer, I kept getting I/O device error.By the same token I got a Z9 and was able to easily connect and transfer using WMP.I bought a reader writer, and I was able to finally get music onto the shine. So just beware that the data cable is NOT working with all phone. It's all over the internet too."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "After getting myself a new VX8700, I picked up a new VX8300 for my girlfriend. The VX8300 is not the prettiest or thinest phone Verizon offers, but it seems to be one of their best performers. Sound quality, speakerphone, RF, and battery life all seem very good. The camera takes decent pictures. It has just about all the features you expect in a phone today too. With a new contract, you can get it for $50 or less. At this price, I give it 5 stars."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Works great with my Moto Q.  Typing sound is annoying but easily turned off.I also caution that you should probably store the batteries uninstalled.  I put a brand new set of Duracells in it and they were dead a month later with almost no use (Just sitting in my briefcase)  I discovered this at the start of a 5 hour flight and fortunately was able to cannibalize a set from my MP3 player.  This only happened once so I can't say for sure that the keyboard sucked them dry.What really annoyed me was the \"Fold and unfold\" sticker which had some sort of industrial adhesive.  What a stupid thing to use.  It took me 25 minutes with cleaning solvent to get that darn thing off.  Also the black vinyl zippered pouch stinks like some toxic chemical.  If not for those two things I'd rate it 5 stars"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "i like camera phones, but i can't believe this phone don't have usb cable to upload pics..i have to pay $.25 for sending each pics..Viewing all camera phones, this one is pretty nice..It's got flash, and it's got 4 different types of resolutions..It zooms in more than i expected..Other than camera, for contact list, it gives you to save #s, pic, ringtones for a person..I think thats good..i guess that's all i'm gonna say..Overall, phone is decent.For other viewers, if you wanna buy this, you should buy it now, and don't wait cause more updated phones will come out soon"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "In case you were wondering, the ONLY differences between the black and silver RAZRs are:1. The Color2. The Price Tag (at some stores)There are NO new features in the black RAZR.  It has all the same specs (and bugs) as the silver model.In choosing a RAZR you should consider which color you like best, and whether or not you're willing to pay the price premium some stores are charging on the black one.You should also read the reviews for the silver model, since both phones are the same inside.A couple of other notes:-The keyboard on the black RAZR is silver.  Some people do not like this.-The RAZR (probably the silver one only) is rumored to be coming to another US carrier very soon (Hint: starts with \"T\", ends with \"obile\")-There will be a lot of new sharp looking phones with features superior to the RAZR coming out this fall."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Its the only bluetooth headset I've used, so I don't have anything to compare it with.  Has made my ipaq 6315 much more usable as a phone.  Sound quality is good, some people say I sound far away, I'm experimenting with the gain on the ipaq, we'll see if that helps.  It was a little tight for me at first (big ears), I was able to bend the part that goes around the ear a little and its much better now.  Great battery life.Would be nice to have an external ringer on it, so I could hear it ringing or vibrate if I were away from the phone.  Good range 15-30'."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have had this headset for several months now, and not liking much about this headset other than its long battery life. This headset works OK, but the sound quality is poor and it does not function well in conditions other than perfect, ie. no background or wind noise, and very close to handset. I do like the feature of the headset turning off, when boom mike closed because thats where the battery savings comes from. Other than that I find nothing redeeming about this headset, I believe Motorola will discontinue this model because of its severe flaws."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had a RAZR V2 and it was the best cell phone I ever had so I up graded to the RAZR V3 late last year (2007).  The RAZR V3 is by far the worst cell phone that I've owned.  It is beautiful and has great features but it keeps failing I have had 5 of these phones so far (the original purchased one plus 4 refurbished replacements) 1st phone: after a couple of months the screen would not light up / 2nd phone would not charge from the get go / 3rd phone after about a month the screen would no longer light up / 4th phone after a couple of months the screen would not light up / 5th phone has been working for about a month now.  I really like the RAZR phones, WHEN THEY WORK but this V3 model has been terrible and I would rate it lower than 1 star if possible."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This perform as advertised.  You plug it in, push a few buttons and it'll tell you how much juice the device(s) are sucking up.  Whether it's a single item or a surge suppressor, it'll tell you all the consumption details you need.  Plug in the cost per kWh and you've got the total cost per the elapsed time.  Calculations are there if needed as well to calculate day, month costs.As other reviews had mentioned the small text is hard to read without proper lighting and angle.  You can get used to the pattern so there would be no need to look at the small text once you get used to it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had this thing for years now, and use it all the time. At one point I went to plug my USB cord in without looking and totally smashed the internal stuff up inside the top! I thought it was broken, however after finding something small to push the innerds back down to where the cord would once again fit inside, it's worked just fine. Never cuts out or anything. I still have to be careful, otherwise I'll push the internal casing back upwards - I'm sure I broke some little stabilizer - but I can get it back down easily. I'm impressed."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This item links up easily.  Dont make the mistake I did of trying to pair it each time...you dont have to once you have paired it once.  this transmits a true 30 feet.  I'm driving to key west next week and will know how long a charge lasts after that.  Nice to finally be able to use my wireless bluetooth stereo headset on any of my sound players..Update:  This stopped working after a year...the on/off button is unresponsive now.  It was great while it lasted!!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm using this in my 2008 Honda Civic. The power it can draw matches that which my cigarette outlet can output. This was a little more expensive than the other ones I had found. But it had a fuse and was proper Power usage. The USB charging is nothing spectacular, I'm using a Samsung galaxy S3. I haven't tried a full load on this yet. I run a Bluetooth adapter and charge my phone through this leaving me one extra USB port and cigarette lighter in case I need it.It does come with mounting screws and double-sided tape. I haven't used either of them, I don't suspect I will."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This product is silky smooth on touch screens. I'm comparing it to an Amazon Basics rubber tipped stylus. it has several &#34;tethering&#34; options, which is a nice feature. It is a bit longer than the AB and seems to be of a heavier gauge aluminum tubing. It has a nice &#34;&#34;heft&#34; to it. A slightly thicker diameter too. The fiber mesh just glides smoothly over my ereader screen AND over the anti glare screen protector. No problems with conductivity through the screen protector either. I've only had it several days but seems like a well made product. We'll see how well it will last. Over all I'm happy with my purchase."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Shows up totally deformed (top of the case doesn't even touch the phone because it was cast crooked), and I have to pay to mail it back to them if I want a replacement? I don't want a replacement anymore, I want a functional phone case. Definitely a &#34;get what you pay for&#34; kind of thing. The case is pretty inflexible, so when I took the case off, it also pulled off the back of the phone. Not the end of the world, but definitely a crappy case. Would absolutely not recommend."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Very convenient product to have that allows for easy movement from one vehicle to the next.  The speaker quality is good and the ability to shift the microphone to a different angle is a nice touch.  I gave it 4 stars because it doesn't consistently automatically connect to the LG enV phone after pairing the two devices together.  Sometimes if I try to make a call via voice dial, it won't activate the phones voice dial feature like it should when I press the Answer/End button.  Overall the product is a good product, but LG enV buyers beware of the inconsistencies."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The price of bluetooth devices has gone down dramatically that I was able to justify buying one:) The H500 works fine with our LG Shine. Although you may need to talk a little louder so that the other person can clearly understand you (Well, not too bad really).It was an easy setup. The device itself looks fine, not too dorky in my opinion. It also has a nice blue LED light. Available in many colors of choice.Why 3 stars? The volume control is hardly palpable. It is hard to adjust the volume while in use. Your fingers may tend to slipped while trying to adjust. Even the call button is difficult to press.I like the ear hook can be flipped to be used either on your left or right ear. It is also not too heavy to be worn comfortable on your ear."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I must have read more than 30% of the reviews on Amazon about the product. Nonetheless I decided to ignore the iphone 4 users that complained about not working and thus relaying on the product description. Alas, that was an awful choice. After connecting it and displaying the charging symbol about 2 minutes later it warned me the device does not support charging. I tried 3 more times and every time it kept dropping so I decided to leave it as such, even worse the battery seemed to have turned hot. It does charge other usb devices but it failed to deliver the purpose of its purchase: charge my iPhone 4."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The #1 reason to buy (and keep) this phone is the slim form factor.  Let's face it - for guys who don't like to keep the phone on their belt like a pager, a pants or suit pocket is the only option.  This phone is far and away the best one in that regard.  I forget it's there a lot of the time.  It is also built EXTREMELY solidly, and does NOT scratch easily, although the SCREEN scratches easily.However, the battery life is terrible.  I literally have to charge it every night after less than two hours of talking with bluetooth.  You MUST get the car charger immediately.  Even though I had bought one on the internet, I couldn't wait for it because the phone kept dying so I raced to a local cingular store for an intermediate car cord.The Motorola HS-850 BT headset is great but occassionally loses connection w/the phone, which is frustrating.The only reason I kept this phone is the size."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had more USB adapters then I knew what to do with.  Enter the cyberpower 7 port hub... I am very pleased with it.  I'm not a techy, just an every day computer user.  I use my hub with my iMAC and it works seamlessly, have had no issues.  I bought another for a friend and she is pleased as well.  Like I said, it does what it says it will do with little effort, and works quite well for the technically challenged."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "i had bought the motorola HS820 before this one for $80. i have a motorola V505 from at&t.; the motorola worked pretty well, but i thought $80 for a bluetooth headset was way too much. i returned the motorola and picked up the logitech instead and for 1/2 the cost, i was just as happy.it fits a little awkwardly on my ear, but so did the motorola, so i am thinking my ears are the problem. call clarity and voice recognition is good. battery life is good. weight on ear is good. overall, i am pretty impressed!i wish there was some way to adjust the tightness of the earpiece as it feels kind of loose on my ear. would also be nice if the \"on\" button wasn't so small that you covered it up with your finger when you turned it on, making it hard to see the flashing blue light.whenever i use my microwave, it makes the bluetooth connection drop. just warning ya'. ;)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Mobile service providers claim that this type of antenna does not work, and I have to agree with them.  Installing it actually reduced my reception from 2 bars to NO bars!  If you search the internet, you will find that passive antennas like this are no different than that battery compartment sticker that claimed to improve cell phone reception, block radio waves from frying your brain, etc.  It doesn't work and it's a waste of money.I recommend buying a wired antenna that directly connects to your phone.  If you phone doesn't have such a connection, then you may want to look into a different phone because nothing without a direct connection is going to work, and you may want to look into a phone that gets better reception (there are some -- just read the 3rd party reviews).I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone unless you just have money to burn.  If so, please just send it to my PayPal account instead."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought these after TWO sets of LG Tones broke on me. I like these a lot. Very comparable to the Tones. What was most important to me was battery life. I used these for listening to sports and talk radio. I have wired buds for listening to music. The only two complaints I have with this item is: the neck band is kinda tight in comparison to the Tone. Not as easy to get on and off. However, they don't move around as much as the Tone's. My second complaint: the on/off. I have to take the headset off to access the switch. The Tone's switch is a much better setup and easily accessible. All in all, I would recommend these. I am hoping the quality is better than that of the LG Tone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Great features - except for the phone one.  Seriously - Bluetooth, IR, good phone book features, nice color display (though it washes out if you are using polarized glasses).  However, I get much weaker signals (and call quality) on this phone vs. my previous one.  If everywhere you would use the phone has strong signals, you may be just fine - but if you are on the edge, this is not the phone for you, unless you value the non-phone features more than it working as a phone. :)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This product appears to be a genuine original equipment Blackberry car charger.  It has the Blackberry name and logo on it.  The plate on the bottom of the cigarette lighter plug of the unit states that the electric output is 5 volts, 500mA (500 milliamperes or .5 ampere).  The plate on the wall charger packaged with a new Blackberry 8800 states that the wall charger output is 5 volts, .75 ampere.  Thus, it appears that the car charger produces two thirds the electrical charge produced by the wall charger (.5 vs. .75 amp.)This car charger is used with a Blackberry 8800 and has performed admirably and without any problems.  It costs a fraction of the price charged by AT&T; ($29.99), apparently for the same product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This seems to be a great charger - when it works. It seems to work fine with my wife's Tracfone - a Motorola EX124G but would not charge my Tracfone - an LG 500G... so I'm reducing the rating by one star. I suspect the blame may lie more on the LG phone side, but I am still disappointed that I need another charger to charge my LG phone.By the way, I highly recommended buying from a reputable retailer to make sure you get the real thing. I bought mine from Amazon."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really enjoy this device--being able to check email and blogs and send IMs while out and about is really nice. However, it's kinda huge compared to a regular cellphone, and I found that to be a bit of a drag. My service agreement seemed kind of pricey,  and the coverage was poor (I couldn't get a signal in my own kitchen, and I live in the middle of a big city, not out in the country) and in the end, I've shelved this phone for a smaller one with a cheaper monthly fee."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Over the years, my household has tried multiple Bluetooth solutions for our hands-free communications needs. We've had acceptable results from a solution integrated into GPS...but much of our regular driving doesn't include the need to load up a full-size GPS. We've had acceptable results from a visor-mounted Bluetooth speaker unit, but let's face it: sometimes we want to hold conversations that don't include everybody in the car:-)The Plantronics Voyager 510 has proven its value overs more than three years of demanding use. It fits comfortably over your ear excellent incoming and outgoing audio clarity. Best of all is its outstanding ability to hold a charge for a long time. I can generally count on more than a week between charges, even during periods of heavy use.We liked this enough to buy three...one for each driver in the house."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "For roughly the same price as the cheap chargers at Walmart, I think this is a great buy. I use it for my Nexus 4 and it works perfectly fine. Charges quickly, and the battery doesn't seem to be negatively impacted at all. I personally don't have an issue with the glowing blue light, but others might, especially when driving at night. I also like the coiled cord, as it means I don't have a long cord hanging around my console. The charger itself feels high quality, so it should last for quite some time. The only drawback I can see is that the charger is a bit longer than I would prefer, but it's not a big deal. All in all it's a solid buy. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a sub $10 car charger."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "You can use this product to cut a high quality screen protector for anything with a touchscreen. That's awesome. Keep in mind that you have to cut and apply the screen protector yourself. It took me a few applications before I got good at it. Some air bubbles are normal, they dissipate after a few days. Lots of air bubbles means you are doing it wrong. Practice makes perfect.  You get 10 screen protectors for about $10.00 (or whatever they are selling it for) and the sheets they give you are pretty large. I think this is product is a very good value."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This headset generally works, though there was times I needed to re-pair it. My problems with it that are:1) Its hard to turn off - if you pay attention you can turn it off easy enough, but nothing like the Motorola H700 where you just flip the boom.2) It's big! It's comfy enough on your ear, but its huge in your pocket and since things stick out of it, its hard to get out of your pocket.3) Flashing blue light is way too bright! When is dark and I'm in the car, I keep thinking that the cops are behind me the way it blinks so brightly. It disturbed my passengers too.4) Wind tolerance - it's better than my H700, but its still too noisy to hold a conversation in any level of wind.I'm sending mine back and getting another H700."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had a couple of the &#34;beanbag&#34; dash holders for my GPS navigator.  While some claim that those things stay in place, my Garmin GPS slid off the dash one time too many.  I had seen one of these sticky pads once before, so I though it worth a shot.  I super-glued it to the center of the bottom of the beanbag GPS holder, and it transformed the thing into a secure dash-top holder.  Yes, the combined device is now a bit more expensive than it should have been, but the holder was sunk cost.  This made it useful."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Even when trying to be careful with the battery on my HTC Rezound (custom ROM, custom kernel, CPU governors), it can drain faster than I'd like when I'm using 4g and on the phone often.  I had a generic microUSB charger from Verizon, but it would only charge as \"USB\" and not provide enough power to overcome the amount of battery power being used (like phone, navigation, and data at the same time).This was cheap enough to take a risk on and I'm glad I did!  It is recognized as an \"AC\" charger and charges the phone even while multi-tasking.I like the coiled cord as well (I'm also using a 90 degree adapter to make it easier to plug into the phone)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I was initially leary about purchasing this item due to the extremely low price and to have free shipping also, but I needed a wall charger since Motorola only includes a car charger with their wireless car phone speakers.  So I took a chance (due to the low price and free shipping) and was pleasantly surprised.  The charger appears to as well made as the other after market chargers I purchased previously for my e-book reader, PDA, camera, etc., and at less than 25% of the cost.  I charged my Motorola speaker without any problems."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really wanted this to work.  It's a great design and it's easy to use and set up.  Sound quality listening is great.  Sound quality speaking, for others to hear, was unacceptable.  This could be because of the way it fits me, since this seems to work well for many others.  If you try this out, however, it's very important to check that others actually hear you well, and not, as in my experience, too loudly and with too much low end on the sound quality.  I'm returning it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm very happy with my Jabra JX10 headset.  My treo 650 is very finicky but it works pretty well with the Jabra.  The Jabra JX10 is amazingly small and most people can't even tell I'm on a wireless headset (which is really amazing because everybody knows when my wife is on her Plantronics 640).Also, I have a car with a convertible top and I can still hear people fine when using this headset- it's quite loud.P.S.  I upgraded to a Treo 755p in the summer of 2007 and it continued to work great - range and sound quality were even better with the Treo 755p."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have been using the HS850 for the better part of 2008 and have found it to be a competent little unit.  It pairs quite nicely with my Motorola i880 that was assigned by my employer.  I find the volume level to be good, though not outstanding.  I can hear the other party quite clearly and have had no complaints going in the other direction.The HS850 that I got from Amazon came with a charger and minimal instructions, but I had no issues.  After being plugged in for one overnight cycle it was ready to go.  The fact that the mike boom also acts as an on/off switch is great, as it tends to conserve battery life.  Are there better units on the market ?  Most likely.  But I feel that I've gotten some decent value out of this handy headset from Motorola."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I was tasked by my office manager to purchase some headsets to make our office calls easier.  I looked at corded headsets, cordless, and a variety of brands, but this unit kept coming up with high praises.The clarity is great, and it has a variety of volume (macro and micro) for both the mic and earpiece.  It works seamlessly with any phone system and has a multitude of connection options.  The range allows us to go to the end of our warehouse to look at stock while talking with the customer.  Not to mention that if I'm not at my desk and the phone rings, I don't have to rush back.  I can use both my hands to look up quotes, and stock while I'm on the phone without craning my neck.  Their are earpieces and over the head options.  Not to mention the battery life lasts all day as long as you plug it in at night.Great product!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "First of all, I love the idea of a cordless headset and I have a Motorola phone so I thought getting a Motorola bluetooth headset would give me the best sound quality. I think that the HS850 is a nice design but has flaws the actual ear piece would do better if it sat just inside the ear (Like an earbud) the way it is now sitting just up against the ear makes it difficult to hear your party. More times than not you have to press it against your ear. I also think that the users voice comes out a bit muffled and people complain that they can't really hear you. Lastly this headset needs improvement it terms of cancelling out wind noise. I look forward to future models addressing these issues. All in All I mostly enjoy this device even with the flaws."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had seen reviews by folks who had problems with this unit, but tried it anyway as the price was great.The initial charge took less than the 6 hours stated in the documentation, but I've been using it for a week and haven't needed to recharge it as of yet.The reviewer who recommended using the foam cover was absolutely right.  It eliminates most of the background or wind noise.  The unit stays on my ear reliably.  I use the included ear hook.While the output from the microphone could be a little better, I don't have to speak excessively loudly to use it.The LEDs are needlessly bright, but since I don't see them when the unit is on my ear, this is not a big deal."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "When I had to get a new phone I needed a different car charger. The store charged thirty five bucks so of course I said no. I knew Amazon would have it for cheaper and was I ever right. I paid a lot lot less with no shipping and handling. WHAT A DEAL!! Of course it works just as it should. I learned a long time ago to only buy Motorola accessories. The after-market companies products never seem to last. So if you're thinking about getting a car charger then I suggest getting this one. Even if you think you'll never need one, for the price it's worth keeping one in the glove box for emergencies. (Do they still call them glove boxes?)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "My old Plantronics headset needed to be replaced and I went with this one.  It is much more sturdy, with the headset resting very comfortably in the charging unit.  My old one would 'float' once in a while and not charge when I thought it was, which meant I couldn't use it the next day until it charged for a while.  Not so with this unit.I had a behind the head band I use which for me is very comfortable and I can quickly take the headset off and it rests on my shoulders.  Sound quality is excellent.  I have not had any complaints on the other end either.Highly recommend this product for anyone needing versatility and walking around from the base unit.  I can easily get files from across the room or do other things while talking without missing a beat."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this product to send over to my wife who is on a trip, and complained about typing on a Blackberry. I thought I better install it before sending it after her, so I could guide her along. No PC where she is, so I tried to download as advertised. Result: Page Not Found.Company advised that since this is a discontinued item (?) they took down the support pages.This would not be an issue normally - you can install the driver from a PC.It is the principle that a company can maintain a manufacturer's description while not the web page to support the claim...You know a manufacturer is a scumbag when their feedback/survey link gives you an error message back...If any doubts read the blackberry link from the bottom of the review page, or click on the one star reviews. A shame"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "After viewing some youtube videos on this procedure, I was able to swap the battery in about 1/2 hour (which included taking pictures and studying the insides of the iPhone 4S.The tools are good enough to get the job done -- I never felt that the tools were going to fall apart.  In fact, I'm keeping them around for other mobile phone work.The only thing I'd recommend (esp. for older folks with not-so-good eyesight) is a good way to magnify things so you can see what you're doing.  I use a big magnifying glass, 1.5x reading glasses (3x would be better), a headlamp (to add light where I need it)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Item is \"as described\" as of 12/2010. No where does it say it is bulk packaging or retail packaging. Item arrived in 3 days in bulk packaging exactly like j. raftery's picture. Having owned this exact item 3 years ago, I am led to believe this is a genuine motorola item. Markings, feel, quality of coil cord, and genuine motorola accessory hologram sticker on tip of plug seem to be like my old one. Great price (around $5) and it works (HTC Incredible). I would recommend this item."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The big store that is in every town now (can't say their name) either does not carry anything or is always out of stock. If they ever have anything is stock, it is cheap junk that does not last. I got this cord thru amazon for a fraction of the price I usually pay for the junk at that big national store. This cord works perfectly and has lasted for months now. I also bought at the same time 2 other cheaper charger cords thru amazon that work perfectly. Since this one still works, I have the other two to fall back on when this one finally goes out. This is a great car charger, and it does not cost near as much as the junk you get at the local store--not to mention this is the Samsung brand charger verses their junk."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This has to be the cheapest headset I have ever purchased, yet the best small headset ever made. It lasts forever! I only bought it for Xbox live but it works great with cell phones too. It says its made by plantronics in the description but the headset itself says verizon on the side so I'm not sure what the deal is with that but I know that it works great. So if you're looking for a nice regular headset for xbox live because the microsoft headsets break all the time or for a cell phone, buy this headset. I went ahead and bought another one before they're sold out. Try to buy from OEM planet if they got it in stock, they are the best in my opinion."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use this transmitter on the back of my tv with my Bluetooth headphones. It works perfectly for my purpose and the battery lasts pretty long, given the size of this thing. It's really small, smaller than a matchbox even. Charges up in about 2 hours and will go for a couple weeks, with an hour or two of use per day. I did have some problems trying to get this thing to pair, it's looks as if there are no buttons, don't worry, it's there. The light is also the button, on the opposite side of the USB charging port, and the audio cable. Once you play with this thing for a little while will make you a pro at it. Then you'll have no problems. I definitely recommend this little transmitter."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I got this, in part, because my father in law said that his meter said the CFL lights weren't actually pulling the wattage they claimed. I searched online and read it had to do with the way the meter read the load, and the guy recommended this one. So I got it. My CFLs pull what they say they pull, as does my AC unit. So I'm happy with it. I have it happily racking up the costs of my big AC unit right now.It's pretty easy to operate; at least, I just fumbled around until I found the measures I was interested in.  I'm going to have to read how to adjust the cost/kWhr, but other than that, it's good."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Searched for \"droid 3 chargers\" when making my purchase. This was the first product to pop up, had decent reviews, and was cheap. I purchased 3. The product arrived on time. HOWEVER this product does NOT fit our droid 3 phones. I contacted customer service over the course of 9 times. No results in replacement, return or refund. Contactd by phone and w/in the first 2 min of the convo the F-bomb was dropped twice. Very offensive and unprofessional. Needles to say, I have 3 chargers that dont fit any of my phones. Anyone wanna trade?"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Almost nailed it with this one, Bracketron. First, the good: the mount is solid, it stays stuck to the glass, and the flexible arm bit is VERY stiff and hard to adjust but really stays put once you have it where you want it. Now, the not so great: the flexible arm seems to vibrate quite a bit while you drive, and the expanding bracket does not work as well as promised. In fact, the button on the side only seems to open the bracket if you have it rotated 90 degrees to the left (as in landscape, with the button pointing up). I took it apart and realized that this is because there is an assortment of rather cheap gears which rely on gravity to allow the button to only work in one direction. I much prefer my Grip Go, but if you need a longer mount and/or one with a bracket then this one isnt bad for the price, just not perfect."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is by far the best charger I can find for a car. It's durable and has high output. The only beef I have is that obscene Motorola logo. It's pretty but bright as hell on night driving. They could have just tinted the plastic or used a dimmer led. I took both of mine apart and used black nail polish on the bulb. The light is so bright that now it still shows as an almost ultraviolet glow. Its much more bearable but you shouldn't have to alter a product out of the box. Otherwise I've been very please with this product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I origanally purchased this phone thinking it had voice dialing similar to the motorola v710. Unfortunately is uses the old style of voice dial where you have to train your voice for each phonebook entry. The v710 does not require this and utilizes true speech recognition software. Since this was the most important feature to me I am returning the razr and exchanging it for the v710. To bad, the razr is superior in most other categories except the one most importand to me. If it had true nex technology voice recogition I would keep it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Excited about this based on good reviews, but did not have the same experience.Tested on my Nexus S cell phone, person on the other end complained about static and poor quality sound.  I unplugged headset and switched to using my cell, and they said the problem went away, so unfortunately problem seems to be with this headset.Also, just FYI, this does not come retail packaged, but shows up in a plastic bag with no instructions.  Not a problem for me, but makes me wonder where these are from and the quality."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The voice quality of Blueant Supertooth II is better than my factory installed Cadillac Bluetooth phone. Amazingly powerful speakerphone in such a small package. The listeners at the other end, who used to complain of muffled voice from my built in Cadillac Bluetooth phone, can now hear clearly and sometime have hard time believing that I am calling from handsfree phone. It sticks very securely to the magnetic attachment for the visor. Construction is a little bit like cheap Chinese products Because the metal cover for my on/off switch fell off on the first day. But overall it is a good product and you will be pleased at its performance.Update 4/29/2008: The speaker stopped working after a week. BlueAnt said the product is discontinued and they will replace with Supertooth Light"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've tried both the Motorola HS810 and the Treo bluetooth headsets, and this by far is the best one. The problem with Motorola is that it doesn't synch with the Treo 650 100% of the time; while the Treo headset has very poor volume (I need to be in a quiet room to hear anything). The Cardo Scala 700 has great fit (it sits right over the ear canal), great volume (even when driving with windows down), and it synchs with the Treo 650 all the time. This is the headset I'd recommend for anyone with the Treo 650."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "After reading the various reviews, I got this car charger for my Samsung Galaxy S phone and it charges wonderfully.  I also tried this on the Samsung Galaxy S II as well and it charges well too.  None of my devices got hot after charging.  The charger is also built well and will last a long time in normal use of connecting and disconnecting.  Having the coiled wire is also nice keeping it from getting tangled.  Pay attention to the current draw on your device.  This charger, if used with an adapter, could charge an iPhone or iPod; however, it will not charge an iPad/iPad2.You can't beat it for the price!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the first BT ear piece I have had that actually works the way it should.  Very light, fits in the ear well and after a couple of days I almost forgot I have it on.  Some people complain about the unusually long button hold to end a call, but I have not had a problem with it.  Battery life is excellent.  Not as good in the wind as I had hoped but this is true of most BT ear pieces I have tried.  In the car works like a champ.Be sure you check the firmware version and upgrade to the latest.  The one I received was 2 releases behind.  This feature alone is worth the price!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this item from Amazon (not a 3rd party) and was surprised to get a full retail package.The plug design looks very cool, in my humble opinion. However, the Motorola logo makes the plug needlessly long. If you don't have much clearance where you're going to plug this in, you might want to consider a different brand.Also, the Motorola logo glows blue whether it's connected to a phone or not. If your car doesn't automatically cut power to your outlet when you turn off your car, you could attract thieves.Other than those minor issues (luckily, neither of which impact me), this cord is great. The design is fresh, and the entire thing is built with the quality you'd expect from a company like Motorola. I'm using it to charge myNokia N900, and it works flawlessly. On a 45 minute commute, I can go from >25% charge to 100% with Bluetooth enabled."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Car chargers: one thing I really hate buying. I go into the cell phone store and they want a small fortune for one. If you purchase online you absolutely have no idea what you are getting. This charger is a diamond in the rough. It works great and charges my Droid 2 very quickly. It works so great I bought one for my wife. The blue light is a bit bright at night but nothing to take a star off. The light is low drawn power and it does not get hot at all so I just leave it plugged in all the time. Oh yeah, it got here lightning quick too."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This headset is a replacement for a logitec I had used for years.  It is my second bluetooth and the fit is great.  It does not hurt the ear and stays in place very well.The noise canceling is not on par with the logitec, but I added a wind sock and it resolved most of the challenges.The audio is not as good as I would like and the controls are confusing to me.  I think the former because my current phone is a 1.1 and the latter because I am use to the logitec.All in all a good value for the price."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "First, the White Screen of Death Issue.  I had 3 units til instead of returning tp Cingular.  I sent it back to SONY.  NO more problems.  They flashed it with the latest firmware and it works fine.  The WOD will seem to occur after you disconnect after a file transfer.  However, wait 20 seconds and the phone reboots.Pro: Loud and easy to hear from.Con:  Buttons and keypad is hard to get use to.Pro:  The camera is fine for a phone cam.Con: Battery drain is bad, when you play the MP3 player."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the second HS850 Motorola I have purchased, and they both work great. (The first one developed a crack in the ear loop after three years, but it's still working and I use it as a backup.) These used to sell for $99.00, so at this price it's quite a bargain now. (I bought the \"bulk package\"... it's exactly the same as the first one I bought three years ago!) I like the fact that it's easy to turn on and off by folding the boom. I keep it in the car for hands-free driving. The battery lasts and lasts... and it's easy to charge. You can get a car-charger, too! I like the fact that Amazon guarantees a genuine Motorola product if you buy direct from them, and it was even more of a bargain with no tax and free shipping!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I went to best buy to replace the one that broke and they wanted I think like $20 or more for just a single USB version...I decided to check amazon on my phone first and found this dual one way cheaper here. My old one lasted a few years and I'm sure this one will too. I think my old one died because i had it loose in a bag and i think one of the parts may have been hit by something too. It works great though if you're looking for one!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I thought to come write this review because it is the 2 year anniversary of me buying this phone. I have never had any protective cover or case on it and it is still not very scratched up and it works as perfectly as when I got it. I had to replace the battery at 18 months but it cost $10 with shipping online for a genuine Motorola battery. Every other cell phone I have had has broken in some way long before 2 years. I'm amazed it is still in such great cosmetic and mechanical shape. No reason for me to get a new phone anytime soon."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased these with minimal expectations and am quite impressed. I have been using these with my cell phone and the sound quality is superb. Also, using these for phone calls is quite convenient. The microphone is great and sound quality is top-notch. Even when music is playing and you get a call it automatically pauses the music for the phone call and then resumes it when the call is finished. Battery life is way longer than I had expected; I have owned these for a couple of months now and have only had to charge them twice. Buttons on the headset are quite convenient as well.  I would say the only downside to these is that they are a tad bulky somewhat resembling earmuffs. Also, depending on your head size these may or may not fit on you; I can fortunately say that they fit me with no discomfort and stay on my head even when at the gym. Great product!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like my phone i got it the first day it came out and when i got it i mean it takes some getting use to but I like the features, the camera, the phone is ok not wow, love the keyboard, and i really like my windows media player on it and all the things you can do. I don't know what most people were expecting but i think my expection of the phone is what i expected....Until someone finds the perfect phone that has no problems, have everything you ever wanted, absolutely no issue with it and it does every possible thing, then you let me know but for now this phone is ok/good"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "My one apprehension with this charger was its size. It looked large in pictures, but the backlit clear window with the \"M\" logo looks so good, I don't mind the size. Best of all is that the charger provides nearly a full amp (measured >950mA on several occasions) of charge. Very fast charger at a great price!Update: MicroUSB port wore out after almost two years. I can jiggle it around and get it to charge every now and then, but for the most part it is finished."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought these to pair with my Samsung P2 music/video player. The pairing was easy and all of the features work well with the P2 except I can not change the equalizer settings on the P2 when paired and P2 does not support FM radio with Bluetooth.The sound quality is very good (not too much bass) and great for a wireless headset but not in the league of the Shure earbuds that I have or the Bose Quiet Comfort 1 (both which cost significantly more than the Jabra). Listening to music or watching videos in places where wires are problematical --- as well as those who exercise with a music player --- these an easy buy, espcically at the price of $38+ dollars.I don't use these with my cell phone as I use a Jawbone for my cell. For some reason the Jabra paired with my computer but I am not sure why I can not get sound. Dell's Bluetooth module has always been problematical, so I will assume it is the computer and not the Jabra."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have heard many fake copies of this charger.  To be safe, just order it off Amazon's own online store unless you know the other providers are reputable.The quality of this car charger is quite nice.  The twisted cable is a nice feature since it can be extended and will not dangle wildly in your car when it is in motion.  I also had another micro usb charger and it used to take forever for it to charger your phone.  The only thing I liked about my previous car charger is that you were able to connect a usb cable into the usb ports it provided but the time it took to charge your phone was not adequate for me."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Nice slim and tight fit case. I was scared it would add bulk, but its perfectly slim and hugs the phone. My only gripe is that the cut outs are a little off. Not all the cutouts, just the charging port, speaker, camera, and top microphone. They don't cover those parts, however, they are not centered and it looks funny. Since the charging port is off, my stock charger doesnt fit straight when plugged in, but it still is able to charge. Just scared it will end up mi- aligning the charging port if it gets hit or falls while charging. The camera and speaker looks off center because of those cut outs. Still fully functional and feels amazing.. thats why its still 4 stars."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a great fast charger by Motorola. It's increasingly trickier to determine if something sold on Amazon or elsewhere is genuine product or not. \"OEM\" isn't sufficient anymore and most of the non brand name stuff is junk. Be sure to buy \"by Motorola\" (or whatever your brand is - but Motorola will work for most) and these are now half a ten spot on Amazon and lots more in the store.My one complaint, and reason for dinging a star, is that the cord is way too short for use in most vehicles. It's fine for a non smart phone sitting in the console or a cup holder - but it's far too short for smart phone use with the phone positioned on or near the dashboard. I've been unable to find a micro-micro usb extension so I may switch to an power adapter with a socket and just use a long regular usb cable."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "UPDATE:You will drop your phone using this case and I never dropped my phone before. It's very slick with no grip on the edges. Thankfully didn't damage the phone, which displays the HTC ONE's superior build quality as it was dropped on hard ceramic tile from 36\" counter height. Like I said before the clear plastic will and DOES scratch really easily.I did like that you could barely tell that my phone had a case on it and literally had compliments on that fact, but the risk of damage is too great for me.Just reinstalled the stock smoked(color can't display the awesome brushed aluminum on back)TPU case for now to protect it.ORIGINAL REVIEW:It does fit snug and snaps into place, but very limited edge coverage so won't protect like it should. Feels like it would snap/slip off the edge if dropped, not protecting the phone like it should. Polished hard plastic not the TPU rubber/plastic style so it will scratch easier on the back."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I got this because there are times when I need my Blackberry to be functional and I'm not near a charger.  I hadn't tried the P790 yet when hurricane Irene decided to pay a visit.  I had the unit charged up when the power went out Saturday before 9pm.  By 4pm the next day, power had not been restored and the phone was going below 20% & wanted to shut down some functioning to conserve what was left of the battery life.  I attached the P790 with an adaptor I bought at the same time.  In under an hour I was at 55% battery life and could keep going normally till I had an opportunity to do a normal charge at my office, later that evening.  It'd be an understatement to say I'm pleased."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Looks very cool.  Very convenient charging via USB port.  Not so good sound quality.  Audio has a lot of static tics and pops and that is the only reason I give this 2 stars.  Everything else is great.Pairs quickly with my Nextel i870.I lost my Plantronics 510, so will fall back to this unit until I can find the latest earpiece that has received good reviews.  Other may have a great experience with this earpiece.  Unfortunately, I am not one of them.  Maybe I got a \"bad\" one."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have one of these on my cruiser and my sport bike. On the one on my CBR I ended up cutting the cig plug off and wiring the negative to my neg battery terminal and the hot to the back of my fuse box. I wired mine into the Horn fuse. On this cable the stripe is hot (+).On my Shadow Sabre I stuck this onto the under side of my bat wing.Obviously you will want to purchase some higher grade velcro if you are using it in a similar application.It works well, I can run GPS, phone, and radar at the same time.Works with Garmin Nuvi 13XX SeriesUSB charges my Samsung Galaxy S3Just bend the prongs out some on your chargers to get keep them from wiggling out from road bumps. (The male end of whatever cig outlets going into this thing)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The design is good and it would be an excellent product if the quality was anything more than terrible. The buttons to extend the arms worked exactly one time before breaking. Now I press and press and nothing happens. It's a shame because the rest of it works decently.The suction cup holds well and the tube coming from the cup is pretty sturdy. It moves a lot when the car is moving so you would need to rest it on the dash which would help somewhat but not perfectly.Overall one star only because with the poor quality it is worthless in spite of the few good points."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I wasn't sure if I wanted to purchase another bluetooth headset because the last one I purchased, a Motorola HS815, was terrible.  People were saying that they couldn't hear me or that there was too much static.  I figured it would be the same thing next time.  Boy was I wrong.  This headset is terrific.  I will give you some pros and cons:Pros:ClarityEase of UseBattery LifeVery Comfortable to wearDoes Not Fall OffThe only con is, I sometimes have difficulty intially putting it on becasue I wear glasses.  I occassionally have to use two hands to put it on my ear correctly.I would definitely recommend this item."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Road warriors with a lot of gear need one of these. Not only can you plug this into your car's aux electrical outlet.This one is equipped with a hardwiring option so you can place it in the system with its own fuse block and leave your stock outlets free.I did that, mounting this outlet block inside my car's center bin to give me charging options for phones, tablets, Kindles, cameras, etc. that will fit inside the bin and charge there.YMMV but if you're starting with this gadget and install it correctly you will have the charging options you need."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "For a corded headset solution, this headset is excellent.  I use it with my KRZR.  Sound quality is more than loud enough and quality is excellent.  One of the main issues I had was that I always have the air vents going in my vehicles.  In the past, people on the other end of my calls always complained about wind noise, with this headset that isn't an issue anymore.  Additionally, the headset is very comfortable to wear.There is only one item to be careful of.  When I first tried the unit I didn't realize that there was a mute function on the control cord.  As a result I called a particular person a few times and they couldn't hear me.  Finally, I figured out what was going on.  Of course it was user error.  Oh well.I would highly recommend this headset to anyone looking for one."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have an older computer with ony 4 usb ports and a laptop with 2 usb ports. I have 4  external drives and a printer and various other devices that require usb, and all i have to do is disconnect it from one computer and plug it into the other and everything Works great. As far as small flash drives that require external power i have no idea.  hope some reviewer will elaborate on that.  In any case its well worth the money.  It stays forever lit, and thats okay.  It will look funny 10 years from now when the lights are extinguished."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "If you're like me, you've just about given up trying to find a reliable bluetooth headset and transmitter.  Look no further.  I bought this unit with the matching transmitter (\"Sony Bluetooth Wirleless Transmitter for iPod (Black)\"), and have been enjoying clear, reliable music ever since.  This headset has a volume adjustment that actually works -- the upper volume range is amazing.  The track-changing controls are also snappy (just flick to change).  The unit pairs quite well with its own transmitter.Bluetooth is not great for deep sounds, so the bottom range is just okay.  But the overall sound is better than any competing products.One recommendation that I am surprised no one has considered: an on-off switch that, once flipped on, automatically pairs without having to hold buttons down.  All bluettoth headsets are guilty of this gaffe."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a great headset but for one thing. The voice call feature on my phone quit working when I upgraded from Windows Mobile 5 to 6. I called the phone manufactor, the cell phone company, and the headset company. None know what to do, only it is incompatable with Mobile 6. Mobile 6 does not use voice tags on selected contacts. It changes voice to digital and looks for what you said. It cannot change the voice from this headset to digital. It works great on answering, not calling with voice. It works great with calls that dial out also.So make sure your headset is compatable to Mobile 6 for voice calling. Of course this assumes that your phone can make voice calls.Again, it works with Mobile 5"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This earpiece worked well for me.  It had good range and sound quality and the hands free activation was very useful. One huge design flaw as I see it however was the on/off button.  To turn on/off the device you have to hold down the button.  After only a few months of use the button began to malfunction and over time the button totally stopped working. I purchased the device in November and by March the button had stopped working at all.  Since this is the same button that you have to push to answer a call, disconnect a call or activate voice recognition when the button stopped working the device became pretty useless."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "First a quick confession: I do not like T-Mobile.  I had them before and hated their (lack of) coverage and bad service.That said, the v300 is a very good phone.  I won't rehash the long feature list here.  What I really like (after playing with a friend's) is the loud ringtones, the good reception (despite the lack of GSM coverage in Brooklyn), and the great styling.  This phone is not made by Motorola per se but by their Asian partner, maybe that explains the &quot;girlish&quot; styling, but it's still pretty cool.  Of course, the light weight and good battery life make it a stand-out.My favorite phone is still the Sanyo VM-4500 video camera walkie-talkie speakerphone cell phone for Sprint PCS..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought 2 of these headsets (one for me and one for the girlfriend) on recommendation by my Cingular sales guy. It was either the BT250 for $80 or the Moto HS810 for $99.Not knowing too much about Bluetooth headsets at the time, I opted for the BT250. Two weeks later and I'm giddy like a kid in a candy store.It took a while to figure out how to install the headset to your ear, but I'm sure most, if not all, Bluetooth headsets share the same minor inconvenience. The other minor inconvenience are the buttons; they don't have a nice feel when you push them and the locations are sometimes tricky.If it's one thing I would REALLY like, then it's a replaceable [rechargeable] battery. I'd really hate to buy a new headset just because the battery will no longer hold a charge.Regardless, I have found the BT250 to be a better value than the HS810."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I am a tech-saavy first-time owner of a Bluetooth headset.So far, the Z9 has been great.Pros:*Works with my cellphone's voice recognition so I press one button and say \"Call SoAndSo\".  I *LOVE* this feature.*Easy re-pairing after On/Off cycle*Decent battery life (I use my cell phone ~6 times daily, and it lasts 2 days)*Fits VERY SECURELY in my ear.Cons:*I've noticed a few times when the sound/mic stopped mid-call after about 30 mins.  Maybe I need a firmware update.*Other party can't hear me well with wind or background noise, even with the Enhance voice feature. But I can't imagine that many other devices perform much better*Learning curve. There are 3 buttons and with them, I can perform 20 functions.  There is 1 led light which represents 6 status indications.  It'll take some time before I know all of them, but the basic ones are very easy to learn."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Just received it today from A1 Accessories.  I bought it solely to use on xbox live so I wouldn't have to keep moving my other headset that I use for work (I work at home).  My friends kept asking me to repeat myself.  One said that he had to turn down his tv volume so he could hear me (no lie).  I switched back to the other headset and I was back to crystal clarity.  After that, I threw this one in the trash.. Good thing it only cost me $5 or so."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This retractable cable is perfect for connecting ipods, phones, mp3 players, etc to the AUX input on a car. My middle console in the car tends to get super cluttered, so to have a cable which doesn't get tied into knots and make a mess is a huge plus.The sound quality so far as I can discern is great with this cable.The retractor mechanism can tend to get stuck, but has always quickly snapped back into place after I jiggle it for a second.The cable is only 3 feet long, which is perfect for me, but depending on where your AUX input is may not be sufficient, so be aware of what you are buying."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The sound quality was excellent, but the earpiece is flimsy and irreplacable: terrific electrical engineering, poor mechanical engineering.I loved it when it wasn't broken.  Even wind didn't seem to bother the headset much.  The voice quality was great on transmission and reception.  But the earpiece is incredibly flimsy and can't be replaced.  I got a new headset the first time on warranty.  The second time it broke I could have gotten a free replacement again but I didn't want the hassle.  I have a Scala now that I've been using for months and I'm very happy with it, even though the sound and wind-immunity doesn't measure up to the Logitech."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have owned several Bluetooth cell phone headsets, and the PLT 510 is the best so far. It fits my ear perfectly, I can wear it for hours without noticing it, and it gives great sound. I had no problem syncing it to my iPhone, and although I haven't tried any other devices, I anticipate no problems.I only have two complaints:1. The on-off switch is very small and hard to use. I find that I have to push it with my thumbnail to make it work. If you have smaller fingers, you may have less of a problem.2. Plantronics uses a proprietary connector for charging, while other manufacturers are switching to mini or micro USB. A proprietary charging interface means one more wire to carry with me.In summary, a great purchase."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my 4th bluetooth headset, and it is by far the best working headset. It is clear. I can hear while driving, people can hear me like I am talking into the phone.My one complaint is that it doesn't fit well on my ear. If they had made the ear loop another 1/4\" I would be giving this 5 stars. Instead it never feels exactly right, and ends up hurting my ear if I wear it for extended periods.I'm keeping it, but I am looking for a different way to attach it to my ear."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This one is not accurate. I have compared it against several high quality meters at work, and the 4460 is always off, but often by a different direction or a different amount.I miss the display in amps the older model had. It was very useful for determining circuit loads in cases where an amp clamp was not convenient.It also hogs both outlets of a standard duplex receptacle, so the other one is covered and unusable. (Yes, a pigtail would help)I e mailed the company twice about the inaccuracy and inconsistency, and did not receive a reply.It became more and more inaccurate and finally died."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Was here right on time.Wall adapter what I expected and works well but dose Not Have Quick-Charge As This ad states and that was the,Whole reason I chose this chager so that is horribly disappointing and inconvenient ..... The micro usb is useless it looks and acts cheaply made, and dose not fit well in to ports an either end will periodically stop working and my phone will freeze and turn off periodically as well....I know its the usd because I tried it in several devices and adapters and it had the same problems....I Will never order from Amazon Again Only two orders out of 13 have come without Defect or Wrong Probuct!Ugh!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have used this cable on and off for about a year and a half -- but there were at least six months in the middle there where I had misplaced it and didn't use it at all. It recently went bad -- lost one of the stereo channels. It now connects one channel only.The problem is in the contacts. If I bend the cable near one of the ends I can get the other channel to come in intermittently. Note that I didn't ever fiddle with the ends during normal use. I have only tried the bending game to get the lost channel to come in.If you think the price is worth about 1 year of use, this is the cable you want to get. It certainly is convenient and I like the retractable feature a lot. Just wish it would have lasted longer."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like the look of this headset, and I really like the fact that flipping the boom turns it on and off instantly.However, the Motorola HS850 performs much worse than my much older Logitech Mobile Traveller Bluetooth Headset.  Everyone I call indicates that I sound muffled, and callers typically ask me to discontinue the use of the headset.  Also, the earpiece speaker is not that loud, so it is rather hard for me to hear callers when there is background noise (e.g., in the car).I just purchased this a couple of weeks ago.  I am giving it to a friend and ordering a different one (Plantronics Voyager 510?)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Does what it needs to do at an excellent price.  Fits well, seems rigid enough to prevent some damage, and the kickstand is a nice touch.  I don't know how well the kickstand will hold up over time, but works well.  The ridge around the front allows me to put the phone face down without it touching a table.  The case is pretty compact and still fits into the Smart Dock, although it prevents HDMI from registering.  So it charges and goes into dock mode, but doesn't seem to sit down far enough to engage the HDMI."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this set of adapters specifically for a trip to Europe. There are two different Europe plugs, I took them both, and they both worked everywhere I went.I used the adapters primarily in Denmark and Norway, they worked great and gave me no problems charging iPod, iPhone, iPad, camera batteries, etc.Note that there are numbers on the plugs, the numbers correspond to the cardboard insert to let you know where to use the plugs. It would be better if the plugs themselves had that information on them, but at least they have the numbers (which I didn't see at first so I put my own numbers on them).I will undoubtedly keep using the adapters on future trips, and I'll keep this updated.Update:Have also now used in Thailand, worked great."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This charger is decent. It works, which is what's important. But some of the features are fairly annoying, which most people can accept, given the low price of the unit, and the convenience of a coiled wire.First off, the unit is large. the plug head is massive, and unsightly. It's basically sticking an advertisement for Motorola into your car, who wants that?Second, the price you pay, you can easily afford a dual-usb socket, which while meaning you'd have to provide your own USB cables, means you can charge two items at once, and it's not in your way as those sockets are relatively tiny.Third, the item emits a blue light, that illuminates the center plastic piece. This is unnecessary to me, and is actually an eyesore, as the blue can be distracting while you drive at night."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I actually like this case a lot. I was worried about the price and it being a TPU and all. I have to say, I have a feeling this one is going to last a lot longer than the Spigen Neo-Hybrid I owned for 3 months before it broke. And even better, I can fit all of my charging and headphone devices perfectly, unlike the Spigen. It doesn't make the case bulky, as it may look. It actually feels quite nice in my hands. Overall, I really like this case. If that happens to change eventually, I will absolutely re-review it!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "My old charger didn't do anything for my Evo 4G - after 40 minutes of driving, the battery was maybe 1-2% higher.  This new charger (rated 950mA instead of 500) actually charges the monster Evo 4G - Even using GPS w/ Google Maps navigation and talking, the battery was fully charged at the end of that same 40 minute commute.The cable is a decent length too, and pretty flexible.Had to take off 1 star because the blue motorola \"M\" is waaayyyy tooooo bright at night, especially when all the other lights in my vehicle are orange/amber.  Nothing that a little black duct tape couldn't fix though..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "For a few years I have been with verizon .My last phone was the Motorola e815 .Recently I retired and didn't need all the mins I got on the $39 plan(with taxes came to $44)  pro: I bought the razr v3 on ebay and transfered over to T-Mobile prepaid.the phone works just great and through my Parrot 3200ls handsfree sounds just great.con:When I went to program speed dialing .Boy was I disappointed .First it would only allow 20 voice tags .Then I had to record each individual tag for voice recognition My e815 allowed me to use unlimited voicetags and I didn't have to record my voice on each number,anyones voice would work using any name in my phone book .The Razr is supposed to be an improvement ,which it's not .The Motorola e815 was the best phone I ever owned ,and now Motorola screwed it up .Whats the point of using bluetooth handsfree dialing when you have to scroll down to a name to dial,taking your hands off the wheel  .Wake up Motorola ,Thats stupid ."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have been very happy with this headset.  I use it with a Motorola RAZR V3.My last Bluetooth headset was a Jabra, and it broke after just a few months -- the power button quit working, so it was always on until the battery drained.I love the HS850 since it has no power button!  Instead, you just flip it open or closed.  It gets great battery life, since it's so easy to put it in standby by flipping it closed.I have also used this headset successfully with Skype on both Windows and Mac.  The only catch is that it can only be active with one device at a time, so you have to disconnect/release it from your cell phone, before you can successfully use it with Windows or Mac.  This makes switching back and forth between your PC and phone a bit cumbersome.  Of course, it took a couple of hours to get it working under Windows, but it worked first try on the Mac ;-)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Set it up, it worked great for a little over 24 hours and the base unit failed to connect to my laptop. Returned and purchased a different item. Didn't want to take the business risk of replacing with the same thing.  Can't afford to be offline for as long as it will take to get this replaced.To be fair, I have used several Plantronics headsets and they were all great... my all time favorite is now 10+ years old and not compatible with Google Voice (though it does work great with Cisco IP phone). I also have a bluetooth Plantronics Voyager headset for my iPhone and it is also very good."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm a great believer in spending as little as possible on glitz,bells and whistles, and generally go for performance and practicality. Sound quality and features are fine for the price.  But the unit is quite difficult to wear -- the boom is wide and boxy; the weight is unbalanced, as well.  I could not get a comfortable fit.  My ear is well within normal range of size and shape, but was bent out of shape by the headset.On the positive, wind noise and lost connections -- common criticisms of other BT headsets -- was not a problem here.  If you don't care about medium to long term fit and comfort, or the aesthetics of walking around with such an large unit hanging off your ear, you may be happy with this headset.  I wasn't, and am returning it.  I'm going to give the Cardo Scala a try;  if it's no good, I'll probably go with a Jabra, and spend a bit more money."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had a motorola Bluetooth headset.  I felt like Lt. Uhura with a giant ear piece in StarTrek.  I had a hard time keepig it in and after 20 mintues it hurt my ear.  It came with my accessory kit in one box with the car charger and case so I just used it and grumbled.  But when my toddler flushed it I got the Jabra as a replacement.I love it!  It works and stays in my ear, feels comfortable even after 3-4hours in my ear.  I use it only when I drive and I have used the voice dial and it works perfectly.  I set the voice commands using the headset and it works.  When I set them without using the headset it did not work well.Great little device."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this for under 5 bucks on amazon - reason is that I can keep a freshly charged battery inside my center console on my suv (which has a switched power outlet) and at any time I need it pull out a hot battery for my droid bionic.  Smartphones use batteries like mad compared to the phones of yesteryear, and this charger will do both my 10.2 wh battery and my 6 wh slim batteries.  But it needs power - and in the car, the motorola logo in blue shows me the confidence that it's not some knockoff power adapter - it's the real thing driving my charger.For the $1 I'd save with a knock off I'm tired of getting junk that dies in a month - especially in a hot car all summer locked in the center console.  I'm going with tried and true motorola on this one."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Okay, this little guy ROCKS!  When plugged in to an outlet, it will support 2 HDDs, a external ODD, and a printer with no issues.  Also, during a move I misplaced my power cord, so I called up the company... WOW, for free, the NEXT DAY, they shipped me out a replacement.  I would DEF. buy from them again, and will use more of these as the need arises.Also, it's been quite some time now since the purchase (over a year) and it works perfectly like the day I got it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I am one to always have and use a lot of features. I like the Razr and would recommend it. Positives: light weight, small size, speaker phone works well, display is easy to see, voice dial is accurate, bluetooth, and it is great conversation piece. Negatives: Speakers (normal and speaker) not as clear sounding as my Nokia 6600, no IR port, has a USB port but not software to use it - even for charging the phone, battery life a little short, video recording time way too short, difficult to find a name in the address book (a lot of keystrokes!)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought a Plantronics bluetooth headsetPlantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headsetfor the car and was extremely happy with it. I wanted to leave it in the car, though, because I knew if I took it with me when I got out, I would never remember to put it back in the car.  I decided to get a wired headset to keep in my briefcase because, despite being very technically literate, I'm still leary about something emitting radio waves stuck in my ear all day.  The MX505 has been great.  Most importantly, it's durable.  It also has good sound quality and the people I call have no trouble hearing me."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I was surprised to find this excellent powered USB hub for much less money than I paid for an identicel one over three years ago. Somehow, we misplaced the power adapter so I ordered this one mainly so I could get the power adapter. The older hub still works fine so I just use the adapter so I can run USB 3.0 Hard Drives with a TV Android mini-pc. My grandson wanted the hub for his his Playstation 3 slim, which sees a lot of use. He uses it for video gaming and for a multi-media center. He accidently damaged one of the two USB ports and he was limited by having only one USB port.I gave him this hub. He is so happy with it his friends want one!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "After using a low-end JABRA bluetooth for the past year, this Plantronics voyager is so welcome!  It paired easily with my phone and with the different ear cushions, you can have one custom for your ear canal.While I found it to fit easily onto my ear and hold well, my boyfriend who has his ears more flat against his head had a hard time hooking it on his ear and having it stay there without much adjustment needed.  Also, he said that it was too bulky for his liking, but I like it just fine!The sound quality is great, I can hear others well and I'm told that I come through very clearly.  I have had it for almost 2 months and only had to charge it once besides that first time and I use it everyday for 1-2 hours each time - that's good battery life!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Picked this up when it was on sale and I must admit that it works great. Fits well and stays put. Sound is crisp. I've received no complaints from people on the other end of the call. The battery holds up well. And it's easy to use. Used with an iPhone and Blackberry with no issues.Update: This headset has lastest quite a while with a lot of use. I sit on daily conferences, and this is always in my ear during the conferences. It's comfortable and lightweight. The sound is still great (on both ends). And no issues with durability!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have mixed feelings about this headset.First the bad news: It can't handle any wind at all, even the slightest breeze kills the conversation.  Doesn't matter what setting I use, it's just awful.  Secondly it keeps dropping out of Bluetooth,  out of nowhere I get the descending tones that mean it's turning off, then it dies.  Afterwards I restart it and it's fine.  The speaker volume for the headset is pathetically low at it's highest setting: If you're hard of hearing you won't be happy with this.On the good side, it cancels out background noise wonderfully.  I've used it when I've been in a noisy car and while standing next to a noisy construction site and people could hear me just fine.I'm going to contact Blue Ant and see if they have any fixes for the problems and I'll update this post after that."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Bought this for my new AT&T; Galaxy SII, the case arrived super fast, its fits the phone perfectly and snug. I have no issues with any buttons, and the rubber is in a smooth, sort of laminated finish. It does not stick to your pockets. Overall, I am extremely happy with the purchase, especially for so cheap.And just FYI: This is for the AT&T; (i777), or International (i9100) Galaxy SII.This WILL NOT FIT Sprint, T-Mobile or the AT&T; Galaxy SII Skyrocket phones. You've been warned."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have an XM radio SkyDock plugged in to my 2006 Toyota 4runner.  The design of the Skydock's lighter plug makes it very stable and very difficult to remove.  I added one of these unit's inside my center console then cut off the plug end and soldered the wires to the terminals on the existing lighter socket.  Haven't had a single problem yet.If you are doing something similar, make sure you take into account the clearance you will need when the lid to the console is closed and something is plugged into one of the sockets."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like how it just barely sticks out from the cigarette plug on my Passat, so I can close the cover when I don't have my phone chord plugged in.Even on the 2.1 port, the charger cannot keep up with an iphone 5S. With every thing off on the iphone (air plane mode, screen off, etc), it gave a 15% charge in 2 hours. That's 7.5% per hour.When using Waze GPS the charge drops from 100% to 90% in 10 minutes.I would not recommend this charger."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "But you wont find a better choice at this time. The on off switch by folding the headset and the easy to push buttons make all the difference in the world.  Don't believe me, then purchase the Jabra or one of the other headsets, place it in your pocket or purse and answer a call from your phone.  Chances are you will have forgotten to turn the unit off and your caller will be live wherever you left your Bluetooth headset within 30 feet.  The H700 folds when you take it off your ear and when it folds, it turns off.  Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Plantronics is a world leader in ear-piece peripherals. They manufacture every imaginable headsets from telephone to gaming. The Explorer 330 fits the bill to supplement a bluetooth cellphone and its ease of use and functionality is way superior to a lot of bluetooth headphones out there. I have had mine for about 2 years now and has always worked great. Pairing is not a problem for this headset, once the pairing is recorded in the phone, there are no quirks about pairing it when you need to use it. Distance-wise, it does not conform to the 33ft maximum, but on a personal note, I hardly part the headset with the phone in that distance so it hardly matters according to my intended use. Overall happy with this headset as it has exceeded my expectations to great lengths!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this headset for my wife for her to use with a Samsung A900 (\"the blade\").  The earpiece is extremely small and comfortable and the battery life is long enough for her to talk on it over an hour each day.  She charges it each night.  The sound through this headset has a typical \"bluetooth tinny\" aspect that overly compressed digital sound has but it is in-line with what I've observed on other bluetooth headsets.The number of adapters and the clever battery-powered charger attachment help this headset stand out from the crowd.Setup is a breeze and it is very easy to use.  She is not a technophile but she loves her handsfree Plantronics 640!The unit would be 5 stars if the sound quality were better.  I also wish it had multipoint like the 5xx-series from Plantronics."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "the freaking power cable quit working w/in a few weeks and neither t-mobile nor sony will fix it for less than $20.  Sony took my address and said they would, but it never showed up.Well the phone is rugged!  It's been 3-4 years and it still works.  It went through the washing machine and half the dryer.  It was submerged in a puddle for 30 minutes-  it keeeps working.The blue tooth syncs w/ my pc and tells me where to go etc.  I buy  a $25 access card every couple of months and avoid the taxes.  It's been a great little phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "When I first got this headset, I originally rated it at 4 stars. I've had it for 5 months now, and I'd have to lower the rating to 3 stars. I really don't hear much better with the headset than I did the Jabra headset I had before; it's a little better, but not worth the extra $45.00 in price. The other party can hear me better (which I attribute to the longer mic.), but they also hear everything going on around me too. The noise cancellation feature is not great. Also, I find the earpiece hurts my ear if I wear it much more than a half-hour. The battery life, on the other hand, is great. I can go several days on one charge. In summary, I'm still in the market for a better headset."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased one about 5 months ago and I love it!  I have only had one time where I had to take it off and use the handset because someone couldnt hear me, but I think the battery was running low.My husband complains a little that he can hear all the background noise in my car while I am driving with this headset, but if my voice is clear and if I can hear clearly, I sure dont mind!A girl in my office has one, and loves it - she drives all the time for work.  I just bought one for my husband and he sound great on it!Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "At less than a dollar per sheet, you can afford to treat them as disposable and not be too upset if they fall off or lose their ability to stay on that long. What sells the screen protectors for me is that they come with a grid on the backing so you can easily measure and quickly cut to match the size of the LCD you're protecting. If you want something more permanent, then go with Invisible Shield or Best Skins Ever. But for the price and their versatility, they're well worth it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have a dash t-mobile phone and it work great with it .. i also have connect it to my computer and used it there with a blue-tooth adapter.. plus the sound is great .. plus everybody hears me perfect even while biking .. and while its raining.. even though.. i haven't used it so much while raining about once or twice.. plus over all i haven't had a problems so far ( A month and a week of having it).. just more to say u can find it cheaper on other web sites..($89.99)  well  get it if ur a outdoor type of person.. Yup! for sure its a great blue-tooth over all...."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my first Otterbox case. I always through they were too bulky and I like more fashionable cases for my wireless phones. Putting this on was a little challenging for me- Had to watch a video on it.. The rubber casing is on really good- But that is a good thing.  Now my phone is protected from EVERYTHING.I left my screen protector on and that was a mistake- The touch screen wasn't nearly as respondent. I took it apart removed the screen protector and now he screen is totally 100 percent respondent. Only issue is if I want to take my phone out and put in a different case I will loose that protection. But the built in screen protector on this Otterbox works great, keeps my phone protected and that is fine for me right now. Very impressed with my first Otterbox!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This retractable sync/charging cable appears to work as advertised.  Quality and/or durability of the retractable part may or may not hold up well but only time will tell about that.  You should look at the diagram on one side of the unit first.  It stated that you Should Not pull on just one end of the line(s) at one time.  Both should be pulled at the same time. After a very brief use it appears that if you pull on both lines at the same time, with just the right amount of force and distance, that the retractor will catch and you will have just the amount of line distance you need and you can use your hands to plug it in. Pull again equally on both lines and the whole things retracts."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "When I first installed one of these on my new Jawbone II, they were fantastic.  They fit my ear canal perfectly, negating the need for the ear loop that came with it.  Unfotunately after a few days they started rejecting my headset.  The ear pieces would not stay on the Jawbone, and they would no longer stay firmly in my ear.  I tried washing and drying them thoroughly, but that only helped for an hour or so.  I am not sure what the fit problem is, but they turned out to not work for my Jawbone II and me at all."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The product is as advertised - a genuine OEM Motorola battery. It looks exactly the same as the original battery that came with the phone. So it's not a generic brand. Works great too. Somehow the package got lost in the mail (or the seller forgot to send it?). But after I contacted the seller a replacement arrived within the next few days. Though the package looked beat-up or had been in the ditch the content was intact. Great and speedy customer care to make up for a mistake."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like the stylus, it feels like it's built well, not super light and not super heavy. I'm not fond of all the different types of attachments that it comes with. I mean really who needs a plastic springy thing on it. Well to each their own I guess. Only 2 things I'd change 1) the clip. It hasn't broken off, but it just feels like it will and 2) I wish they made a smaller end to it, It'll be great for surfing but for hand writing, I'm not so sure."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the best headset for truckers. The back ground noise can not be heard from caller. The ear pices is just the right volume. the Mice takes some use to it. When you talk, you talk in a normal voice. and don't have to speak up to be heard. If you put the mice at your mouth, it will distort the sound. The best place just below your lower lip. The paring has to be done every time to turn the headset on. Will not automatic paring at turn on. Good thing its easy do to.The charge time is great and really holds the charge in stand-by and talk time. the only thing I don't like its heavy and sometimes the mice gets caught on the shoulder strap, when looking side to side."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "the batter died and then yo uahve to buy and solder a new one in there.  REALLY!  or thow it out and buy a new one for 200.they say they dont make the CS70N anylonger so you have to buy a whole new unit.  Terrible design.im on the phone a good part of the day and should have known better to not buy a more expensive unit.do yourself a favor and call the manufacturer first and ask about stuff like battery life, how to replace.  I would have not purchased this if I had know it woudl last only a year or two."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this headset on the recommendation of a very picky friend, so I figured it would be great. Wrong. The ear loop is cumbersome to put on, and the ear bud by itself will not stay in my average ear. Worse, you have to place the headset in a recharging box (???? What happened to a simple plug??), meaning that the ear loop needs to come off. A Jabra ear gel fits on the unit . . . but the ear piece needs to come off to recharge. The nail in the coffin is that the ear piece volume is terribly low, necessitating a constant shove of a finger to ensure no aural leakage, even in my ultra-quiet Toyota Sequoia. To be fair, the sound quality was reported to to be very good, but the drawbacks far outweigh the pluses."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have owned many phones over the years and a lot of expensive cases.This by far is the best case I have come across. It does not add any bulk to the phone and the pure comfort of holding it in the hand is speechless. The embossed sides , the nice rubbery feel gives good comfort and it's not a dust magnet.I only ordered this case because the the one that I had did not protect the corners of the phone when dropped. I will definitely keep this brand in mind in the future. It's that good and I definitely recommend this for anyone who wants good protection, comfort and style. Thank you BoxWave..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this for my self to use with my Motorola V3XX. I got home on the delivory day to find that my husband had fallen in love with it. He had allready paired it to his Blackberry. I had to purchase this one for my self. I have had only one problem and my husband has the same one. We are not able to walk more than 10' from my phone before we get the crackeling sounds and loose the ability to communicate with the person on the phone. We love the sound quality! We love the quality we get on he other end. The person on the phone says it all sounds great."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The headset was purchased to pair with the new Storm, it was terrible, muffled on the called side and sounded like a tunnel on the caller side.  Tried several different phones, landline, other cell out of area codes and even international, same result.  So if your pairing it with the Blackberry Storm don't bother.I returned it and replaced it with the BlueAnt Z9i and what a amazing difference, clear as a bell at both ends of the call, great noise cancelling and seems to pair with no problems, also can pair with 5 devices at once and can switch to the called phone.Hope this helps someone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased these stereo bluetooth headphones for use with my Blackberry Curve 8900.These headphones work well indoors with no problems with connectivity, however the story is quite different when I am outside with the Blackberry in my pocket...the reception cuts in and out to the point where its unusable.  Holding the blackberry in my hand seems to improve the reception somewhat but that defeats the purpose.This is quite disappointing since I wanted to use these when I am out running so I am back to my wired headphones.  I am not sure if this is due to the Blackberry or the headphones itself.  There were some posts over in the Blackberry Forums that complain of this same problem."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Bought as a charger for my MIL's new phone. I went with this version since the cable is built-in and there could be no mix-ups with what cable to use and where/how to stick it since my MIL is not very tech-savvy. She loves it and it works very well on her phone. The blue LED is not too bright for night-driving yet bright enough to see in daytime so you know it's plugged in. My recommendation would be to get a USB car charger so you can use whatever cable you want and since you have two separate pieces, if one fails, you only have to replace that part, not the whole thing. This however, follows the K.I.S.S. principle and works very well. I would highly recommend."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Product came without shipping slip, no protective packaging. .Bluetooth was placed in a plastic bag, slipped in an envelope and mailed.  Quality is very poor.  Crackling, buzzing muffled sounds very annoying and diapointing to recieve something you are expecting to use all the time to not being able to use it.  I would not recomend this vendor to anyone.  Description stated very clearly that it would be packaged in retai packaged and pictured with extra items.  This came with bluetooth only and charge cord; no instruction or any other accessories with this."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had this charger for over three years and it still works like a charm. Love that I can plug dual items into it while I am driving and it's great for long road trips when you need to plug in multiple things at one time. Would highly recommend it to anyone looking to charge ANYTHING that takes a USB port. Description says iphone 5, 5S, and 5C, but I've plugged in all sorts of things that have a USB charger and it works great.Worth the money!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this charger to replace my AT&T; charger that simply couldn't provide enough juice to my SGS3 on long trips where I used the GPS feature. This charger is significantly faster, at least twice as powerful. This was an expected result as I have always had excellent experiences using Motorola's chargers.I took one star off because the LED is just way too bright out of the box for driving at night. Fortunately, they allowed the \"M\" circular window to be easily removed by popping out the bottom ring (look for a screwdriver indent). After removing the window, the LED is easily accessed, so I applied some white-out to the LED, which successfully lowered the light output to a tolerable level.The cord and connector seem to be high quality. The cord comes with a small hook to keep unwanted extra cord out of the way - a nice added touch.Very pleased with this charger so far overall. I have owned plenty of terrible microusb chargers and this one gets the job done right."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this charger not for a Motorola but for a Dell Venue Pro (just another micro usb device) and it works perfectly, charges when in use, etc...The charger lights up blue when plugged in which I kinda like, if that sort of thing bugs you then don't get this charger, although the price is great and it does what it claims to. Definitely recommend.In addition to the Dell Venue Pro I can confirm that this charges the Lumia 900, Lumia 520, Lumia 928, and my current Lumia 1020. I'm still using this charger several years later. It works very well!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my first bluetooth headset so I don't have anything to compare it to, but so far it seems to be pretty good. It's small, very lightweight, and comfortable. It's hard to judge the comfort of this device unless you try it yourself because everyone's ear and head are different.I'm using it with a Motorola Razr V3m from Verizon. It paired easily and quickly. The connection is a little crackly even right next to the phone, which surprised me, but it's not so bad that it takes away from a conversation. Naturally, the further you get from your phone the reception deteriorates. Volume and clarity are fine and sound just like holding my phone up to my ear.Overall it's a good headset and fine for my purposes. Only a few drawbacks: the volume and call buttons are a little hard to manipulate, and it would be nice if the unit could be held tighter against my head."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "First, this is kind of cheap-looking, but I did try to buy the cheapest OEM car charger I could for my phone, so that's forgiveable.  The springs on the side don't have much force, though, so this is constantly slipping out of the 12V car port.  The cable is sturdy, but the rubber near the connector is kind of stiff, which makes charging AND operating your phone on the go a bit of a hassle.  It's held up well since I purchased it though.UPDATE:  Stopped charging after a month."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I ordered the Blackout and the Airwave (also by BoxWave) because I could not decide which one I wanted. They both fit my Galaxy S4 just right, nice and snug. They are not bulky which I like. They are not rigid plastic, both are flexible (but not flimsy) but the Blackout case is a little more flexible than the Airwave. These cases cover a little more of the front of the phone than the other case I was using which is nice because it covers the side edges of my screen protector, Tech Armor Ballistic Glass, but without interfering with the viewing area of the screen. By the way it fits great with that screen protector so I don't think anyone would have any problems with other screen protectors as this one is a little thick since it is glass.  You do have to push a little harder for the side buttons but that does not bother me. All openings on the case line up perfectly."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Screen is absolutely beautiful, charging either by car jack or wall takes only minutes to get a full charge that lasts days.  Quickdial, camera, online button, voicedialing all great.  Antenna is excellent, but not perfect.  Walkman is good, but could use a little more human factors work.  Small as it is, the speaker and microphone is phenomenal and cuts through noise very well.  Adding google maps and Yahoo! mail to the phone and it's a multimedia powerhouse that plays music and keeps you up to date.  Excellent bang for the buck."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The Explorer 350 is simple to set up and use.  Here's my lowdown:Positive:- easy set up and use- good sound- balances well on the ear and easy to put on- nice options charging in car or via a USB port- nice options for mounting it in the car- nice phone ringing tone in the earpieceNegatives:- no built-in mute function (that I can find)- if you want to recharge via outlet, you have to purchase a chargerThis is my second Plantronics bluetooth headset.  The first (Voyager) had all the bells as whistles, but the buttons were very small and the volume button broke when I dropped it on a tile floor.  This one is easier to adjust on the fly but you have to be willing to live with no mute."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the best BT of the iPhone that I have found.  I have tried 6 different BT devices tis year and this is the best one s far.I wear the BT 8 to 10 hours a day without any discomfort.I have hearing loss from being routinely exposed to loud noise levels while in the US Army (The M-16 m4 makes a loud bang when fired), but I have no problem hearing with this device, even when diving with the windows down.The BT device comes with different pieces that attach around your ear (2 for the right ear and two for the left ear) and several different ear cushions that sit in your ear.  It fits so well, I forget that the jawbone is in my ear.The call quality is excellent according to my spouse.The reason for only four stars is the buttons, while only two, are hard to press.  Other than that small problem, this is a great BT headdest."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this case because it was very cheap.  I should have known it was not worth it.  The case fit is too tight.  When I put it on my phone, the lip that goes around the front of the phone was uneven.  No matter how many times I tried to take it off and put it back on again, the lip was just uneven.  This caused my screen protector film to be displaced by this case.  It was much more of a pain than a help.  Get the real Samsung case and save yourself the headache."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use this in my vehicle almost every day and it is a fine charger.It is very stylish as it has a Moto logo with a backlight that turns on when you connect it, people always ask about it when they see it and they like it.I use it to charge my good old Atrix 4G and it has a small problem. If you connect it when your battery is under 15% the low batt warning on the phone starts going crazy and you will see as if the charger is connected and disconnected many times. It is annoying but the phone charges anyway so i live with it.I am not sure if this is a phone or charger problem."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm disappointed as the title said \"rapid\" charger and its definitely not that. I use my Samsung Galaxy S III in the car for navigation (duh). I was hoping keeping it plugged to this charger will, at the very least, MAINTAIN the level of charge that I had when I got into the car, even if not charge it up fully as I drive. No such luck. My charge kept going down. I had to switch the screen off so the charger could charge the phone up  a bit so it wouldn't go completely dead."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "When I purchased the Jawbone bluetooth headset I was expecting good things.And though the headset is a little more cumbersome to put on than I'd prefer, and it's a little too \"clunky\" (hence the 4 instead of 5 stars), the sound quality - both receiving and transmitting is terrific!  Even with a lot of noise going on (like when I'm on my motorcycle), the sound is incredibly sharp.Now, I see that they have a new version out, and if they'd like to send me one, I'd be more than happy to see what changes Aliph has made, but I'm very pleased with the one I have."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have found the Aliph Jawbone noise shield headset to be a pretty good unit.  It fits me pretty well, doesn't fall out, has good audio for hearing, and I have consistently gotten good audio reports from the people I talk to.A few nits.  The charger hookup unit is just plain wierd, and is counterintuitive to hook up.  Why do engineers feel compelled to make thousands of different charging standards for similar devices?  Also, while talking, you have to be careful if you adjust the unit on your ear--it is easy to accidentally hang up on someone.Overall, this is the first hands-free device that I have actually been able to tolerate and use.  I am satisfied, although the unit is a bit pricey."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This phone has grown on me.  At first I wasn't sure I needed all this stuff, it felt a bit heavy, I was unsure of the swivel design, and I felt guilty for buying such an expensive phone.  But now I know I'd buy it again.  It's still a little heavy (compared to the Razr, which was my other choice) but the reception is great, it has lots of functions, and the interface is easy to navigate.  Best of all, the speaker phone function is one of the best I've ever heard.  It's loud and clear."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Sound quality is pretty good.  The wind \"technology\" is not bad.  Stong winds, blowing sand etc,  is going to get heard with this.  But for the price it is comfortable.  For someone who has to buy special adapters to get Blue tooth devices to stay in my ear I am impressed with this.  I wish it had a call end button on the thing.  But the mute button is great.  I would buy this again.  And i like it almost as much as my jawbone.  Paring is not an issue with wired devices.....  ;)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "While waiting for my order to arrive, I read a negative review about a terrible echo.  My advice to that reviewer - consider reading the instructions and adjust the mouth piece away from your mouth (not in the instructions).  Initially the headset hanging on one ear was a little uncomfortable, but within days I was walking out of the office forgetting I was even wearing it.  The range at the building I work is less than 100 feet, not a problem for my use.  Can't imagine not having the headset lifter or the flashing light accessory that clearly tells others when I am on the phone!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Product looks solidly built. The plastic feels velvety smooth. The N85 doesn't charge on this but that's a Nokia issue, not USB device issue. The ipod touch 2nd Gen charges, tho. So it works.I thought it was going to be too high for my VW jetta since it sticks straight up but there's enough space there to stick whatever you want to charge.Product works! Mygearstore shipped it quickly. Not as fast as the Prime 2 day but it was fast enough.UPDATED Jan2012: After 2 years, the product just stopped working. Green light would flicker in/out. Threw it out."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I got this on the recommendation of a friend. After speaking with him while he was using this headset, which was crystal clear, I asked my buddy what kind of headset he was using. He told me this one. So I picked this up on Amazon.I used it with a Sprint Sanyo phone and the performance was terrible. I lived with it since I knew I was going to upgrade soon. I upgraded my phone to a iphone with AT&T;, it was even worse. Turns out my buddy was using a Samsung phone. We think that this works great coupled with a Samsung phone but it seems to dislike other brands. In the end, it ended up getting washed in a pair of my pants and didn't work any more. Good riddance!I picked up a Plantronics headset and have not looked back!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Yeah it's a sim card and well my phone doesn't have 3G so I don't really care that it works with 3G because it doesn't matter.I don't know why they want reviews on sim cards. I find SIM cards outdated though, They are massive compared to Micro SD cards and yet they hold next to no information when compared.The only reason SIM cards are good is because they go in GSM phones and if you unlock your phone you can cart it off to another service provider without issue. Especially quad band phones."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the best bluetooth device I've tried.  It is lightweight, comfortable, easy to set-up, good sound clarity and it is a very well made and sturdy device.  There aren't flimsy parts that can break.The best thing is that the ear peace is fairly inconspicuous as it sits over your ear.  I really don't want to look like Janet Jackson in her Control video as I walk around town or the mall.The problem is in finding replacement ear gels.  They are not available on the Jabra site or on any other site.  I ended up back at Cingular (now AT & T) and they gave me a couple that they had in a drawer."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I agree with the other poster. Why blame the phone because you broke the screen. Is the monitor at home bad because you dropped it off the table. The phone is the best smart phone out there. People have had issues with resets, but that is more of a conflict with the many apps that you can load on it and usually can be solved. I love this phone. Also...do not rate 1 star and then say the phone is good, but verizon is bad. That is unfair since it lowers the over all rating. Ignore the guy who broke his phone...this is a very good phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The light works exactly as expected.  As long as you are using your headset then the light will indicate that you are on the phone.  I do wish that the lights were a little brighter, or possibly multicolored.  We have an individual in the office that is color blind to red, so that would have been a nice touch.Also for obvious reasons, if you are using your handset, this light is not on.  I wish that the lifter had a feature that recognized when the handset was lifted by hand.  But that is a wish, not a product defect.Overall, I am happy with this device."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Paid $0.32 for the charger and $2.81 Shipping & Handling.....Yeah, I know the shipping & handling was much more expensive than the charger was but I needed a charger that connected and this one fit nice and snug so I am able to charge my phone while sitting at my desk in my home office at my computer looking for work.....which is an all day job huh?  LOL!  Wow, I wish I could write reviews for a living wouldn't that be nice?  I think the total price of $$3.13 was a great savings compared to how much the retailers that sell the mobile phones charge anywhere from $10-$20.  Ms_Thrifty has done it again!  Stay tune to more reviews, Oh how I love Amazon!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my 3rd bluetooth headset and my 2nd Plantronics.Plusses: works really well with my phone, even up to 20' away. I've dropped it lots of times and it's holding up nicely. Easily adjusts to either ear. Turns on & off easily.Negatives: People complain they can't hear me on a regular basis (even when there isn't noise around me). Is awful with wind noise. Is much clunkier than my last Plantronics (330). My phone knows it's there but is often very slow to transfer over to the headset.Overall, I am disappointed with the headset - other than the range between it & the phone, it's is not as good as the Plantronics 330."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The only reason I gave four stars rather than five is because I've only used it for a couple of weeks and therefore am unable to comment on durability.  However, the material on the tip seems very durable and I've noticed no wear after about two weeks of probably 45 minutes per day use.  I do a lot of news reading on my iPad.  It works very well with my iPad and I periodically use it with my phone (Droid Max).  If I lose this one or wear it out, I will buy another.Suggestions:  Make the tip retractable or provide a tip cover to help keep dirt of it when not in use.  If possible, provide a model with a smaller diameter tip."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Picked this up from Radio Shack as a novelty item.  The phone is thin, but the call quality is quite poor.  Virgin Mobile uses Sprint's PCS network, and Sprint is my primary provider (I have a new Sanyo M1 phone), and the call quality difference is huge.  The keypad is also uncomfortable to use, like many ultra-thin phones -- just not designed for normal human beings IMHO.  Finally, VM's prepaid rate is just too high.  Coupled with limited coverage, I'd say VM's service is a bad deal."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I looked at many cases from a few dollars to 50 bucks and chose this because oif the reviews and low costThis case is pliable and easily forms over the phone, with a tight fit.. You have to stretch the edges a bit to cover the front edges  but when all said and done its perfect fit.I was concerned about cutouts for charger and volume control, but these are no problem ,. plenty large enough to accommodate a charger cord of any type.Its removes as easlity as it goes on.For 6 bucks this was a real bargain and offers a better grip than the naked cell phone"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "If you have a child who you want to carry a cell phone, but don't want to pay lots of money for all of the extras (or if you yourself just want a \"basic\" phone), this is a good value for the money.  Large screen displays numbers very clearly.  Sound quality is good.  Battery life is a little short and the phone cannot be used while it is charging (that's a pretty big negative, IMO).  But overall, this is a good starter phone and serves the purpose.  If you just want a dependable phone to carry with you in case of emergencies, this phone fits the bill nicely."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had the 850 and thought that it was decent but could be better so I bought the 700. Let me just say that I own the Motorola V330 and from reading the other reviews, it seems that this headset works best with the razr. That being said, it does not work well with the v330. If you move more than 4 feet away from your phone, you get a ton of static. People tell me that I sound muffled when I'm talking to them. My advice is to only get this if you have the razr otherwise forget it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this one based on all the good user reviews and its popularity.  I had to replace an older D-Link USB that just didn't seem to work at all on both our mac's and PC's (I had two D-Link's).  I had hoped this Hub would actually work unlike the D-Link hub and it does the job great!I bought two and hooked one up to the PC and the other to the Mac and plugged 7 devices into each.  Everything worked and I did use the power just to make sure I could charge off of it if I wanted to.  This hub works perfect and the LED's look awesome.Very happy with this product and would buy same one if I needed another USB hub.  Of course I'm sure the 3.0 versions will soon start to proliferate but until then this is a great USB hub and priced well for what you get."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The mix of smooth and ridged surfaces is a nice touch aesthetically and it also helps to keep a nice grip as all smooth can be a bit slippery. The case fits like a glove and all the holes and cuts outs fit the various ports perfectly. The price on this item is hard to beat and it arrived quickly. I haven't tried it with any of the fun NFC features yet, but I'm not anticipating any problems.All in all, if you're looking for a nice, simple bumper case I suggest you look no further (assuming the price is still good)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've been searching for months for this package. The OEM price is about 20 times the price I paid here at Amazon.com - no kidding! Arrived before schedule, new condition, and came with everything advertised. It took a little time to install and had many updating to do but worked the first time after installation and works every time since.Anyone looking to purchase this package will be astonished and surely satisfied - I know I am. The application is thorough in design and allows for an extensive view of the internal applications of my cell phone (Motorola RAZR V3). Excellent phone and excellent application for data transfer between my computer and cell phone. An absolute necessity."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Most people seem very quick to review this case, but one thing you always have to keep in mind with a leather case, is it takes about a week to stretch out. If the phone wasnt tight, it would fall out a week later once it was stretched out. I received this case about 8 days ago, and after 5 the phone fit perfect. Would be hard to fit my needs better.The only reason I gave this a 4 star instead of 5 is because you can really only put the phone into the case one way. You must put it in, camera up, with the back of the phone toward you. Since the Droid X unlike most phones is fatter at the top, you must put it in bottom first. By putting the back of the phone toward you the camera goes over the waste clip, and the magnet snap closes properly.Thanks for a great, cheap, case!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Overall, its a good set of headphones. Ive owned quite a few sets of bt headphones and by far i still dont think any are better than the Moto HT 820 setThe jog dials are good and handy, and they are comfy on the ears. they already send you the case with them too so dont buy it optional. They wont tell you this when ordering hoping that you will pitch them more money...They are also a little on the large side. If you purchase you will get cracked on for looking like DJ Khaled( Just giving heads up. the ht 820's that moto makes are the best ive ever owned. above any.But for the money these a great fit ....enjoy"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've owned two of these. It is great that it rests against your ear, and is very comfortable not having an earpiece sticking in your ear. The first one I owned, after a month, lost most of its volume. I could not make the volume louder via the volume control; the volume control actually never seemed to work, but at least at first the volume was real good...for about a month. The second one I bought lasted about 9 months, but now the button to answer or hang up on a call does not work."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have had experience putting screen protectors on phones for several years.  I generally do pretty good with installation and have a minimum amount of air bubbles underneath the screen.With this protector I cleaned the phone very well before installing and ended up with numerous air bubbles/pockets.  I was able to use a squeegie like device and get most of them out but the ones that are still there are seemingly magnified due to the mirror surface.  It makes them much more apparent than a standard clear or anti-reflective screen protector."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I would have given this a 5-star if it was only a clip/wired BT headset. It works flawlessly when used in that configuration. When you use it as an in-ear only headset, there is a tiny (barely noticeable, but there) amount of static. The person on the other end never complains. I do like the fact that for $20 you can convert it into to different styles.Two suggestions:1) I STRONGLY suggest using the included ear foam in either configuration. This makes the unit fit tighter and reduces background noise. This way you can turn down the volume a bit and the sound is clearer.2) Tinker with the volume on your phone AND the headset. You need to find the sweet spot for this to really sound good. Once you do, you'll be happy."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "For the price, you cannot beat this little Stanley screwdriver set.  This one features several very tiny standard and Phillips head screwdrivers.  If you have a need for very small head screwdrivers, this one is for you.  These are useful for messing with eyeglasses, certain electronics gadgets, and firearms.  I have several revolvers and pistols which have sight adjustments that have outrageously small adjustment screws.  For these sights this little kit is a must -- none of my other tools could manage to fit these screws but this one did.  That alone made it worth the Amazon price and this little kit has a permanent place in my range shooting bag.  RJB."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this product for a dive trip to Fiji. While in Fiji I decided to take a kayak out with my camera inside this 'waterproof' case. The case was sitting between my legs and during the trip out it slid into some water. The water was maybe 2&#34; deep. It didn't even completely submerge the case. Once I was out a ways I wanted to take a picture of the resort. When I lifted the case I knew there was an issue right away when water came pouring out.My camera was ruined on the 2nd day of my 10-day vacation. There is no place to find another camera. I would have been better off putting the camera in my pocket than this case.DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I thought this item was a good idea as it gives you the opportunity to mount your phone closer to the seat instead of up on the windshield.  I discovered 2 things:1) The unit itself is very cheap.  The adjustable arm used to clamp your phone has a major weak spot.  Mine broke right out of the package.  I made some repairs to strengthen it, but first use showed that this device does not work well with any smart phones.  I have an iPhone, and it's too wide and tall for this device.  You can't clamp your phone very well because of the cheap design, and the bottom ledge is too small.  After 5 minutes of driving, I had to remove my phone before it fell out.This is a good idea that was implemented poorly."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a very well constructed leather carrying case for the iPhone.  You can attach this to your belt and have the headset plugged in at the same time.  The case is tight, well designed and protects the iPhone while in the case.  The case is very tight at first, because it is leather, but will stretch slightly.  You cannot fit anything other than an iPhone (meaning no extra protective sleeve) in the case.Only complaint I have is that the iPhone has to be placed in a specific direction in order for the headphone jack to be useable.  I wish it was constructed so that the jack could be used no matter which way the iPhone was placed."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Durable.  Sounds great.  Mic provides good sound for those on the other endof the connection.  I like the wrap-around fit (walkman-style headphones look dorky - wrap around is better).  Although.. after 30 minutes the tips of my ears can become sore which I am learning to cope with.  I use it with Motorola L2 cell phone and Anycom 250 USB dongle for Skype.  This is the one to get.  I had a competing Plantronics product -- in fact two of them -- but they both broke in the same place due to the use of plastic in high-stress areas.  The Motorola design is much smarter."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Purchase through Amazon 4 months ago. Works great with my Razr phone. I'm a truck driver and have had problems in the past with hearing other party and with other party hearing background noise. I can hear very well with this bluetooth. The person I'm talking to can't tell I'm on a bluetooth about 90% of the time. I found that alot of the sound quality towards who I am speaking with has a lot to do with what they are talking on. I can't talk with Verizon customer service with this on. Calls are crystal clear while speaking with another person with a handsfree unit on. Speaking with someone on a landline is pretty good clarity for them, they can tell if my window is open or not and if boom is too far from cheek they can hear alot of background noise. No matter who I talk to I can hear great every time."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have no idea if this is a real Motorola product or a great copy.  Either way, it is incredibly well made and works.  I refused to pay the rip off prices at my local cellphone shop, and the pices at Walmart and Target weren't much better.For less than $5 I got a well made item that works very well.  I'm not sure yet how rapid of a charger it really is, but it works.  That's all I care about.I highly recommend this item."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The battery I received is not new...I thought I was buying a new battery but instead received a battery that is in no better condition than the one I am replacing.  Now to be fair I went back and looked and it doesn't actually say \"New\" in the description, but it doesn't say \"Used\" either.  The picture is of a new battery and describing it as \"Original\" leads people to believe they are receiving a new, original OEM replacement part.  This is not the case.  I called the customer service number and its an answering machine asking for your name, order number, and detailed description of why you are calling.  I somehow get the feeling they get a lot of calls complaining about this so they use this as a screening method.  This seller is shady and should not be allowed to sell on Amazon.  My recommendation...DO NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this recently and did not expect much, as it was only $2.99 shipped to my door.  For that much money, how can you go wrong?  So, I have not used it to transfer data yet, as it it plugged into my PC at work just for charging.  When plugged in, my Palm Pixi prompts me, just as the factory cable does, to transfer or charge.  I have used this cable about 10x to charge now, and it works great!  Do not hesitate to purchase this if you need another cable, or two!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use a nextel i730 and this jabra adapter fits on the back perfectly with velcro. (adapter is approx 1/8 thin)  The adapter has 3 tiny setting to adapt to different phones and I find setting #2 to work fine with my motorola HS820 wireless earpiece. This adapter works on Nextels direct connect and regular phone calls, my last adapter would not do the direct connect. So far I have had the adapter and earpiece on for over 16hrs with out a charge, while receiving many phone calls and direct calls during these hours. Can't wait till Nextel comes out with a bluetooth phone but till then, this is the only way to go!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really don't have a lot of time. That is why I shop online, So if I'm purchasing an item that is to be used to make life more convenient, like a Bluetooth headset, it really is obnoxious to receive one that is &#34;worse than sucks&#34;. This item did not even charge. Plantronics really needs to pull this item because it is really damaging to their reputation to have this out there for sale. I choose Plantronics because as a Regional Sales Manager/Road Warrior, I've always had luck with Plantronics. Too bad that this one was a lemon."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "So far the bluetooth is not quite as good as my stand-by Plantronics Voyager 520 Bluetooth Headset [Retail Packaging], of which I've bought two. I've been told that the bluetooth sounds as good on the other end as my Voyager 520, but from my end, it's not quite as good. The best part of this bluetooth is the vehicle power adapter. All of my other bluetooth earpieces have come with a desktop/wall charger, and the primary reason I ordered this is so I can charge it in my car. When the charger is fully extended and the bluetooth attached, it looks like a huge spy pen. For that reason alone, everyone who has seen has wanted to order one.This is so cheap, you can order it and keep it as a spare in your car since it's easy to charge and doesn't take up much more room that a big spy pen."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Works fine. But I'm still not happy. This is my third/fourth Plantronics headset.This one  bought for dual pairing with my LT and my cell phone.(iPhone).It works fine with both.I am subtracting marks for the followinga) Changing charger designs. Third headset, none of the chargers are interchangeable, so I always get the AC charger, but have to buy the car chargerb) For iPhone, this works only for the phone. Music will not work. Now I am looking instead at the Plantronics 855 Stereo Headset - do handle both = phone/music and still do dual pairing with LT"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Oh my, crystal clear... stands up to its name. ..absolutely easy directions to follow... No lint. . my screen looks like it has no protector on it. I am very careful with my device, so I do not know how it will handle items scratching the screen or fingerprints..I received it quickly, and I didn't have to pay for shipping, plus because I bought one item, received this packet for free. It comes with two screen protectors. If you follow the directions, you should not need the other. I have purchased others, and followed the directions and still end up with lint underneath... YES, I would recommend this item. ..It is a must have for your phone. .."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This plugs directly into the outlet, and the appliance plugs into the Kil-A-Watt, so unless your plug is really high, you're infor a bad time because the display turns off immediately when unplugged. The interface isn't what I'd call exceptionally intuitive. It does what it's supposed to, and gave me the confidence to tell the power company they lied on my bill. They actually estimated my electricity consumption instead of reading it like they said they did. My bill leveling was readjusted & I didn't pay the 3x price they tried making me pay. Three months later & still am right!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this case from my girlfriend and her new Samsung Galaxy S4.  She had been using an Otterbox Commuter but was dissatisfied with that case's bulk.  I'm a big fan of TPU cases, so I got her this one and she couldn't be happier with it.  It fits snugly, looks great, covers the buttons (big plus), and isn't so bulky.  While this case is not at all bulky, it still offers protection for the camera lens and screen by having tiny ridges surrounding those parts which keep them from coming into contact with the surface the rest of the phone is resting on.  The fact that this case is so inexpensive just adds to its otherwise perfect rating."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "If you don't have your own office and/or you have co-workers who have a tendency of indiscriminately interrupting, pointing to flashing lights will effortlessly embarrass them into not interrupting you when you are on the phone!  In my case I bought the light as a courtesy to my co-workers; I am the first one in the office to wear a headset and they were uncomfortable approaching me whenever I was wearing it.  Now there is no question whether I am on the phone or not.  Easy to install, plug into lifter and place for greatest visibility (cord is about 5 feet long, secure with screw or double stick \"squares\")."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I am using the Jabra BT350 with a Sony Ericsson K750i.  This works like a charm.  It took a while to set up (problems with resetting my phone), but once I synced the two devices, I have not had any problems.  The sound quality is superb, and the functions are outstanding.  They include vibrating alert (I've turned it off), call accept and call decline (much needed).  It also allows you the opportunity to automatically call the last number dialed. The voice dialing also works great.  I was not able to record the name through the BT350, but once recorded, the phone recognized the name when spoken through the BT350.  An addition, the battery life is great.  I have not had to recharge it in a while.  All and all, this is a great choice for a \"handsfree\" set to be used with a mobile phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have bought a few cheaper ones in the past, and they never last very long.  Cheaper ones have wiring that doesn't hold very well (shorts out very easily), or the tips that  plug into your phone or bluethooth headset,  wear out because of the thiner metal tips (they bend and wont hold snugly).THIS IS A GENUINE MOTOROLA CHARGER.YOUR PAYING A LITTLE MORE,  BUT YOUR GETTING QUALITY!I bought this as a replacement for another purchased just like it, only because their is a blue \"M\" that lights up when plugged in attracted a thief and my car was left unlocked.  If you car outlet gives you power even if the car is turned off, unplug yours and lock your doors.THIS IS A GREAT CAR CHARGER FOR ANYTHING THAT HAS A MICRO USB PLUG."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've been using mine for about a month and I like it.  The sound quality is high, both sending and receiving.  It came with three ear bud covers, the smallest of which is the best fit for me.  However, even that one is still a bit too large for me and I find that I occasionally need to readjust the ear piece during a conversation (otherwise I'd give this 5 stars).  I find that the controls are too small for my hands, and so I do not attempt to use them while wearing the headset.All in all it's an effective headset and an improvement over the Motorola H700 I had been using."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This case does look good and it is comfortable to hold, but for 16.95 it should be better. The cut outs fit well enough, but the buttons are much harder to press when the case is on.I feel that for this price it should be significantly better than my 3 dollar no name TPU case i bought on Amazon.  It is not, so why spend more money for nothing special. If you are going to spend this type of money, you better get something for it.Go and check the Ballistic SG caseBallistic SG0867-M385 Soft Gel Case for Samsung Galaxy Note - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Black Silicone/Black TPU/White PCfor the Galaxy Note to see what a proper case should be like; or just get that cheapo TPU case.Boxwave is just fleecing customers with this overpriced case."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The reviews available on this product from the amazon website really helped me make a great decision.This model may not be the \"latest\" technology but it's enough for me. I only use it in the car because of all the issues that have been raised about driving safety. I feel better with both hands on the wheel, both eyes on the road.I'm not a device geek but this really works for me and the few requirements i have.Simple to use, I set it up in 10 min max.Fits fine, but I do activate the connection before i go down the road because the buttons are small and can be difficult to activate if you already have it behind your ear."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought the BLT-04 case to use with the Motorola H700 headset.  It fits the headset very nicely, but..  But, the design of the case does not prevent the  multifunction button from being pushed if the case is at all squeezed, even though there is a recess in the case cover you'd think would prevent that.  The result is that I'd often find the pairing light on and the battery close to drained.If you are going to clip the case on a shirt pocket, it might be ok, though even the tension of the elastic of the case is enough to push the headset button.  If the case will be put inside a briefcase or purse, then you should probably reconsider."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "My Adesso Scanner came with a velvet drawstring bag. I wanted something more substantial, and thought this case might work. The quoted dimensions are slightly off. The outside dimensions are actually 11.5 X 2.5 X 2.2 none is 3.2The inner dimensions are 11 X 2 X 2  My Adesso Scanner is 10.75L X 1.8W X 1.25H  so it fits perfectly. The case opens up into 2 hinged halves. Each half is about 1 inch deep. Each half has a 1 inch wide elastic band across the middle, and there is a sewn-in flap that protects one half from the other when closed. The scanner cable fits in the opposite half from the scanner and there is still room for some small accessories. All-in-all, I am VERY happy with this case.,It suits my needs perfectly/"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The price of bluetooth devices has gone down dramatically that I was able to justify buying one:)  The H500 works fine with our LG Shine.  Although you may need to talk a little louder so that the other person can clearly understand you (Well, not too bad really).It was an easy setup.  The device itself looks fine, not too dorky in my opinion. It also has a nice blue LED light. Available in many colors of choice.Why not 3 stars?  The volume control is hardly palpable.  It is hard to adjust the volume while in use.  Your fingers may tend to slipped while trying to adjust.  Even the call button is difficult to press.I like the ear hook can be flipped to be used either on your left or right ear.  It is also not too heavy to be worn comfortable on your ear."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my second headset replacing the Motorola one that came with my cell phone.  People I call tell me that the sound is very clear on their end and cannot tell that I am using the headset - sounds just like I am talking into the phone.  That was not the case with the first one. I travel a lot and wear the headset for long periods.  My ear does not get tired or sore from having it on.  The headset seems well balanced and never seems like it is going to fall off regardless of what I am doing.  I also like that it folds flat for easy carrying in my shirt pocket."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "O.K., O.K., I know there are numerous reviews here that warn that these headphones fail if you sweat on them, but I decided to try them anyways.  If you want to use these for workouts, do not ignore the warnings - go buy something else.I received them yesterday, paired them to my blackberry, and headed out to the gym.  They worked great for about 30 minutes, then the left speaker and all controls on the left side (volume up, down, and phone buttons) ceased to work.  I was definitely sweating, but come on they don't even last 30 minutes???  Sent them back to Amazon this morning.  Maybe I'll try the Jaybirds next-"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This was worth the price,earpiece volume is great, no problem hearing incoming voice.  The only problem is that the mic is so far away from my mouth (as a result of such a compact product), that in order to have good voice transmission, I must hold my hand up and \"cup\" it from the corner of my mouth to the earpiece so my voice can be heard clearly.  This product would be perfect if it the mic portion extended a couple inches further towards the mouth."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This thing is tiny & lightweight and works really well in a vehicle where you don't want long cables hanging around (especially if you drive a manual shift car).That being said, I have had two of these. I used them daily, and they each lasted about 4-6 months, and then they stopped working. The cables are very thin and I think they just wear out after a while. For the price & convenience, it's not a bad trade-off. I would have given it 3.5 stars if I'd had the option.I decided against ordering a third and opted for something non-retractable but hopefully more sturdy."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The Torx screw drivers work wonderfully and the tweezers work well, but the pry tool is too weak and ineffectual for the project I used them on.I bought this kit to remove the cameras out of my HTC 4G LTE and I didn't have any problems except for removing the small plastic portion on the bottom rear side of the phone.  The pry tool was way too flimsy for the job and I'm not convinced that it would do the trick for any similar function.I'd recommend this kit if you primarily purchased it for the Torx drivers but not if you require the use of the pry tool as well."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Bought this car charger through amazon it works great and looks stylish, when plugged in the middle lights up with a blue motorola symbol, when off it is see through.  I wanted a motorola charger since I had just purchased the new motorola droid X2 and verizon sells an off brand for 29.99 so this was great for a few dollars and motorola branded.  Was skeptical cause of price, but since amazon selling I felt more confident with purchase, glad I did!  Saved 25 dollars from verizon cost and it looks good lit up at night, reccomend highly!  By the way this is compatible with droid x1 or x2 and probally others but the x's for sure."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've found that these are by far the best method for clipping my phone to my belt, I've used others many more expensive but always come back to one of these because of their built in kickstand and ability to easily and quickly slide the phone out.They're cheap yes but I've never had any problems with durability except after a long time of use, much longer you would expect such a cheap piece of plastic to last, that and on the ones with the kickstands like this that locking mechanism eventually wears out but the whole thing is easily replaceable.I have at times knocked the phone out my holster when bumping up against something but that is the tradeoff you pay for not having a lock obstructing your access to the device."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Just received it this morning and feel strongly that I should write something about it. This is a really nice wireless headset. Setup in 5 minutes. Spend a little more time on 6 different ear pieces comes with it and decided on one with silicon gel that fits really good. The sound quality is decent and is comfortable to wear. It is also lightweight and I can barely felt it. Replacing the ear piece caused me to break one small cushion piece around the connector, but it can be avoided. Don't think it is a quality issue. The headset can be used for either right or left ear. Overall I am very happy about the purchase."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This cable functions fine (at first), but it probably won't hold up to everyday use.  I've inserted mine maybe 20 times, and one of the spring-loaded contacts just became permanently stuck, making the cable worthless.  Sure it's dirt cheap, which is nice compared to the expensive real Nokia cable, but with what these accessory vendors charge for shipping, I'd recommend ordering several of these at one time from a source with a good deal on multiple items.  I'm now trying to decide whether to do that myself or shell out for the real deal with a real warranty."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I love this device - it's the only one that allows you to plug in your own headset. And I am VERY HAPPY to report that it works perfectly with the Verizon XV6800 Smartphone (also known as the HTC 6800 or Mogul 6800 on Sprint). No one reviewing here had tried it with this device, but I wanted the functionality so I took a chance and ordered it anyway. It works perfectly! (Or what I've tried so far works perfectly - I haven't received any phone calls while listening to music yet.)Note that I'm running Windows Mobile 6.1. I think it may not work for devices running WM 6.0. The audio jack functionality was altered with the OS upgrade. It may work, though - can't say for sure. It's worth trying!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "You are left eared. The 90 degree turn to fit the ear bud turns the wrogn way so it pops off too easily. The sound form this device is decent, but not worth the price for all the hassel of putting this on my ear and taking it off again. Also the earbud kept falling off when not in use. Poor design. I purchased this because it had so many good reviews, which is why I'm writting this one.Great sound if you can keep it on your ear and keep it from falling apart on you. So for me it was a total waste of my money."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I am sure this cable works fantastically.As long as it is used with the correct phone. I should have know better, but the price was so incredibly low- especailly having originally purchased the correct cable from Nokia 2 years ago for fifty bucks- that I felt, even if my phone was not listed, hey, it could still work, right?Wrong. But in an effort to write a 'helpful' review I have to add, it is in fact an OEM Nokia CA-52 cable, it was very inexpensive, and it arrived much sooner than expected."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have a Nokia 6230 and purchased this headset from Compusa recently. Used to have a Nokia HDW-3 but the battery died and unable to find a cheap replacement battery.Pros:The unit is solidly made and easy to setup. The mute function work well, the volume is good (no DSP) and sound quality matches my old Nokia. Unlike a lot of loop headsets, this doesn't seem like it'll break/fall off as I tend to put it in my pocket when unused.Pairs fine with my Mac and you can turn off the blue light if needed. Charger is a small flip-prong type and reasonable at 2 hours to charge. Battery talk time is good although it's unclear what type of battery it has internally. The audio cues are fairly logical.Cons:Not the most comfortable headset I've tried. Prefer the in-ear like the Sony HBH-IV835 but I decided to keep this one instead as DSP might suck."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the 8th headset I have tried. Most of the ones I have purchased work very well with a cell phone, but not so good on a cordless phone. Same with this set... Very comfortable to wear. I can hear those I call really well. Those that I call need to be able to hear me too! The volume on this mic is better than most I have tried, but is still low. If you are talking to clients on the phone all day, this is important. I have a good Panasonic cordless phone and have yet to find a headset to use with it that has a strong volume. Still looking."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Its cheap the wristlet is like a little thread and not sturdy at all. You have to clip your uncased phone into the plastic backing attached 5o the purse. Money part needs length to really pack some cash in. Id like a better cash compartment which is one thing I wanted in my purchase.  Id say purchase a cheaper product like this. Id the wristlet breaks and im positive it will your product is pointless.  Buyer be aware. Update. I stopped using this. The same day I got this my phone was kind of stuck in it and without thinking I was madly pulling at it. Needless to say my note 2 went flying and cracked the screen to pieces. Just be careful handling your phone since this privides no protection and can be tough to disengage from the phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Awesome Cover for a gorgeous phone. I have a HTC one in Blue and needed a good cover while actually showing off the blue beauty. This cover does it all. I kind of wished it to be clear on the back too rather than the frosting ( which make a good design ) because my blue HTC still somewhat hides in it. Other than that, for the price, it's got a great grip, and a sturdy feeling. I love Boxwave for all its extraordinary accessories. You can never go wrong with this purchase!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Well designed.  High power (1.0 Amp) so it can recharge your phone more quickly. Fits my car's cigarette lighter plug snugly and stays in.  The bright blue light is a bit much, but I'm getting used to it.  Cord could be longer.  Fits any phone that needs a micro-USB charger cable.  High quality construction.  Buy this -- you won't regret it.Warning: some phones, like the Galaxy S3, won't charge well if the supplied amperage is not at least 1.0 Amps.  Often, the amperage is not specified in the listings -- buyer beware."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Fits like a glove. Adds no bulk to the phone - my GS4 stays slim and light!The kickstand works, doesn't slide around, nice and firm. It clicks shut with two tiny tabs of plastic on either end of the kickstand, so I guess if over time those tabs break then it won't stay shut anymore. But for the moment, the tabs are really tiny and hopefully will not break anytime soon.The only downsides I can find are:a. hard to feel whether or not if you pressed the power/volume button or not, there's no tactile feedback when you push. They do work though.b. the screw(?) that holds the kickstand in place on the back of the case bulges out and makes the phone sit slightly lopsided when you put it on a flat surface facing upward. Not an issue for me, but didn't expect the screw to bulge out the way it does.Otherwise very satisfied."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought the original Jawbone headset in 2007.  It is still the best bluetooth headset for audio quality, on both ends.It is quite a bit bigger and heavier than the other two Jawbone headsets I own, the ICON and the ERA, which everyone complains that they can't hear me (although I hear them fine).  I bought the newer Jawbone because I like to listen to podcasts when not on a call and both supported A2DP and the ERA proported \"hd audio quality\".I also discovered that the earpieces from the ICON and ERA also fit the older Jawbone perfectly and I don't have to use that silly ear clip (which is uncomfortable after a while).  Much better.I think I will go back to this headset for a while - the voice quality is great, the noise cancelling is also great, I can hear perfectly and its built like a tank.  I may even buy another as a spare."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the original Motorola car charger and is the only one you should consider. It works well and seems to have good protection so that you can start your car with it plugged in without frying your phone or the charger itself.The Motorola logo on the end of it lights up when it's plugged in, which looks very cool especially at night. I was pleasantly surprised by this as well as the performance and build quaility.I can't vouch for the company shipping it out promptly since mine was included as part of my RAZR phone bundle but I would recommend this charger to anyone with a RAZR or PBLE phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have a Samsung galaxy 2 Skyrocket and was looking for a rapid charger since the one I had quit working. I knew this was the same micro-USB power Adapter as my Samsung, but everytime I plug this in my phone it seems to open up the accuweather app and plus I have my digital clock on my lock screen set to display on top and it puts it on the bottom of my lock screen. In order to put it back on top I have to turn off the phone and thats what this charger doesn't do. It automatically reboots it instead of turning it off completely. I know that's not a bad thing but I like it to turn off completely. The only cool thing is the blue Motorola emblem lights up in the middle to indicate it's on. Gonna try to find my old charger and buy that when I find it. I'm assuming that the electronics in this charger is geared toward Motorola only."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "These are easy to use and provide short-term effective protection for device screens.  The plastic is soft and scratches easily, but is easily replaced with a fresh piece...I find that it lasts about a month (in my pocket, exposed to my keys and other crud) before the scratches become totally obnoxious.  The used plastic peels off easily, without leaving any residue behind.Incidentally, cutting these to size is simple.  The backing material is printed with a grid to act as a guide. I'm straight-line impaired and can almost get it right.Note...these are packaged 12 in a plastic bag.  When I last looked, they were much cheaper than the precut protectors designed for a specific cell phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It's a great deal, so i jumped on it. But was truly disappointed. I've so far summed up Motorola products as well really really poor. I own a Razar, wish i could return that! But this headset, thinking it's from motorola would work well with my phone, but no. It's on my belt clip, and the phone tell me that the bluetooth headset is 30 ft away, signal is weak, and then disconnets. To me that's strange. It's also surprising that this happens randomly, so it's kinda annoying, b/c you can't anticipate it. Kinda annoying when driving, b/c you rely on the headset to work properly. Also get the static noise which is weird, b/c it shouldn't do that. especially when driving."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Took this to Hawaii so I could keep my stuff safe while in the water.  It would only fit either my cell phone or my camera, not both (plus some cash, credit cards, keys, coins, etc). My cell phone is small (smaller than iphone), and normal size point-and-shoot camera.  The strap is very uncomfortable though when u go underwater (for a long time, like snorkeling)... the whole thing spins and squeezes your wrist...and it hurts. Other than that, it kept everything dry the whole time."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "After having replaced my 250 3 times at the verizon store I asked to be given the 250V instead of a 4th 250, they did and so far so good, I think Jabra knew the 250 had some defects , each 250 i had died (stopped pairing) in about 2 months, the 250V seems to have no problems and works much better with my Motorola V710.The fit is great, and the sound is good, could use better noise cancellation, but oh well, maybe in a future model. But overall , I like the 250V. I recommend it to anyone. Just roll your windows up if your driving, or you wont be heard by the other end of your call."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Purchased this to try out in the workplace. Don't have access to a decent sound system, so wanted to be able to pipe some mp3s through the clunky boom boxes that are available, without having to lug around a CD case. I was very pleased to find the sound quality is excellent. Playing mp3s from a phone or player sounds more clear and louder than if I were to tune in a radio station. This model had some of the best reviews on the site, and it appears to be a good unit so far. I had to go with 5 stars because you can't beat the price for something that works this well.**Update** It has been about a couple of months so I thought I should add that this unit has worked out great so far. It gets many hours of use and delivers very clean sound. I couldn't be happier with this purchase."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It works and has a low profile so that I can close the cigarette lighter door when it's not in use - two things I like.  My Android phone warns me to use the (Verizon) charger that came with the phone or charging will be very slow.  This may just be intrusive marketing by Verizon because the charger seems to work as well as any other and it keeps the phone charged when using it for GPS directions.  I have not used it for a tablet or iPad which requires more juice."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is no imitation. I bought a knock off because it was $15 vs. $30 locally. The knock off died in a month. I saw this, at this price, and figured I had little to lose. It charges my cell phone quickly, and does not heat up. Interestingly, the phone does not get hot either, as it did with the first charger I had that came with the phone, as well as the knock off. It is great, and so cheap, I should have (will) buy more. This is a no brainer. It is reliable and works better than what I have had. Not much more I can say."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Amazon continues to ship this antenna with the Wilson Electronics Sleek Booster, and it is not the right antenna. Wilson has told them many times they are shipping the wrong antenna but they continue to do it. This was very frustrating and caused me a lot of grief as I was not able to get on the Internet for a week due to Amazon's problem. I am returning the whole package to Amazon even though Wilson Electronics was able to send me an adapter in the next week or so, but the primary reason I purchased this product was to use over the Holidays where the place we were staying had little reception.  Not being able to use my smartphone hot spot really made me angry.  There is not excuse for this as Amazon has been told many times by Wilson Electronics that they are sending customers the wrong product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this to protect from scratches, from accidental dropping and to make my pocket not heavy.. This cover has proved satisfactory in all respects: I dropped the phone a few times already and thing happened. After using the phone for 9 months, it still shines line new - not a single scratch. It is very easy to put on and off. There are 2 minor issues with this:a) You need to take extra care when you plug on the charger, to make sure the phone charges - the leather cover comes in the way of the charger - after a few accidental \"battery dying out\", I learned to connect it properly to get a full charge.b) The elastic band/top cover comes in the way of the camera - so for taking pictures, I remove the top sleeve.c) Inspite of all the positive feedback, I still feel it makes the phone bulky, but the belt clip is very tough, and I don't mind the extra bulk to act like a cowboy."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have a Galaxy Nexus, and my wife has a Samsung Droid Charge phone and we use this as our charger of choice in both of our cars.  I've bought several different type of generic knock off chargers in the past.  Some that did work, but broke easily, and some that were so poorly made that they wouldn't charge my phone at all.  This Motorola made charger does a great job of charging my phone.  Even if I am streaming music via Bluetooth to my car and using my phone as a GPS, the charger is still able to overcome the power drain and keep the battery charging.  If I had to make one nitpick its the bright blue logo that is lit up while its plugged in.  Its not overpoweringly bright, but its unnecessary in my opinion.  Despite this, I still think this is the best value for a cell phone charger out there.  Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had my H700 for almost a year now, and not until recently did I learn it was a FAKE!  WOAH!  After reading the PDF on this page about how to spot a fake, I quickly learned the one I picked up on eBay was a fake.However, the headset has worked VERY well.  I compared it to a bluespoon AX7 in-ear headset, and I ended up keeping my fake H700.  Overall, it has been a very good copy, although not the real thing.  Very reliable.  However, I am still disappointed that I did not get the real headset.Is there anything I can do about this?"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I just love this keyboard. I've used it with my HTC and now with my unlocked iphone using BTstack Keyboard from Cydia. The only issue is that it really needs an extra row of keys. The numbers and symbols are placed on the top row of letters (where the letters QWERTYUIOP are in the keyboard). To access a number, you need to press the left function key and the corresponding letter. To type a symbol, you need to press the right function key and the corresponding letter. I work in finance and many of my annotations need numbers and symbols, like 10% for example. For that, it takes a long time. I find it easier to type \"ten pc\" instead of 10%.I'll buy a new keyboard just for that. But besides this, the keyboard is just amazing. So if you don't need your numbers and symbols too often, I really recommend it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Looks great. Charges easily. Love that it's moisture resistant which is perfect for running and doing a lot of walking in various weather as I do. Also my sweat won't ruin it.BIG CON: Very, very twitchy in keeping connected to the phone. Basically if it's not in your back pocket, it's going to cut out a lot if you move your head too much, etc. I prefer keeping my phone in my front shirt pocket, but that doesn't work so well with this headset. Also, you can't very well sit down with your phone in your back pocket either (and then it doesn't connect well either because you are sitting on the phone). So really only works well if you are standing up and it's in your back pocket. All other uses are only so-so.Wish I hadn't bought it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Because of proliferation of USB based products, the USB hub is now more neccessary than ever. If you have multiple USB based devices (printers, keyboard, mouse, flash storage, USB speakers, iphone/ipod jack etc) and want to consolidate all your devices into a one single hub, then this hub does its job well.This devices works equally well both in Windows (Vista) and Mac OS (Leopard and Snow Leopard).It is about half the size of a medium sized hand.Each USB port has its own dedicated LED light. The LED light indicators, however, are little brighter than I would like. It MAY bother those who are extremely light sensitive while sleeping. But a cheap way to alleviate such a problem would be to cover the LED lights with tape.I used this device as a hub for all my USB devices for my MacBook Pro (2009) and the device works flawlessly, including for my USB speakers."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I made sure this was a real Motorola (has all proper connections and holographs on stickers) product. It's universal - have used this for Samsung Galaxy, LG Optimus L9, Motorola Bluetooth and Samsung Bluetooth - all charged very fast; I believe there is something installed to keep batteries from overcharging (read full description of this item).  I'm very happy with this - sometimes I feel like just charging my phones and accessories in the car instead of in the house now. There are many fake imitations of this made in China that will burn up your battery or otherwise ruin something-  I found people's Amazon Reviews most helpful in describing what you should look for to make sure of authenticity (photos included w/some Reviews)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This car charger is authentic. I checked/inspected it and did not find anything wrong with it. For less than $10, this is a steal. It works with my Motorola Atrix.The charger has a blue, dim blue light that will remain on, as long as it is being used. The cord is pretty standard, nothing to add about is durability, if you've seen others, this is not different. Except, this charger is very fast.This should work with any cell phone that has a Micro-USB connection."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I used the charger on one long trip and I can finally give it a review. Lets get right to it. On the trip I had 4g on, GPS on, Power Amp music player open and Carhome app opened. In the first half of the trip I noticed that the phone wasn't charging but it wasn't losing any juice either. It was just enough power to maintain how much battery was in there when I started the trip. With the carhome app the screen doesn't turn off unless you do it yourself. So I turned the screen off and when I got to my destination the battery went from 60 to 85% full in about an hour or so. The first half of the trip I wasn't happy at all with it because I thought it wasn't powerful enough to charge my phone. But after keeping the screen off and only turning it on to switch the song it really helped."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I absolutely loved this product so much that I am now buying them as gifts for everyone I know.  For anyone who is a heavy user of juice, this thing rocks!  It works better than all of the others I have used.  It is a must for business travelers!! For the price, buy three!Update 10/12I ended up pinching the USB input so I had to buy a new one.  I bought two more.  The sign of a good product is whether you would buy it again.  In this case, absolutely!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a pretty solid case.  It's very stiff so it's almost a hard case, but is still flexible.  Should protect well if it gets dropped.Both sides are the same so the scanner can go into either side and the cable into the other.  The scanner is slightly higher than one side of the case.  There's a padded flap in between the halves of the case that pushes into the other half a bit.  That compresses the cable in the other side and makes it so nothing moves around.Functionally, that's a great design, but for looks I would have liked the scanner to fit completely into the bottom, with a thinner top half for the cable.  As it stands I might be able to get a couple other cables or things into the top part so it's probably a net plus."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've been using one of these for years!  I replace it with a new one when the old one wears out.  The mic is always strong enough to pick up my voice, and I never have complaints about people not being able to hear me.  The ear-pad is comfy, and I occasionally forget I have this on.  The best part is the adjustable amplifier - if I have distortion from the sound out of my cell phone, I can increase or decrease both the output from the cell phone itself and the amplifier on the headset, and I usually can maximize the sound and minimize distortion.  I don't have to hold anything with my hand to get the conversation through."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak. The other person can not hear me at all.  So I contacted Plaintronics for repair.  Their repair process has no tracking, just sending in your headset to an address.  Two weeks later, I received a used one back, not the one I sent in, packaged in an OEM box. Although this one has better microphone than the new one I sent in, it battery is not very reliable to hold charge, also the battery portion is kind of loose.I can not recommend Plantronics product at all."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had this headset for about a year now; I use it with a Razr.  It's a fine headset from a technical perspective: the sound is fine, it's easy to pair and use, etc.  I haven't run into any problems using it in a car, or out of doors.However, it's really not very comfortable: the hook that goes over the ear is just a bit too stiff and edgy, I wouldn't want to wear it for a long call (more than 15-20min say).For comfort and performance, consider the Plantronics Voyager 510 (around $50 at Amazon); I've had one of those (now used by my son), and it is excellent.  If you're into new gadgets, check out the Jawbone sets -- I haven't used one, but a colleague swears by the one he's been using for a couple of months."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Great idea and design, not great execution and materials.It works good, but once mounted, almost impossible to adjust-out the sides with the ratcheting mechanism. You sort of have to tilt it backwards to make the ratchet action work. When mounted, you can't tilt it, so it's a real hassle to open.I have mine set, and I just wedge the phone into it when I want to use it.I primarily use it when driving through New York city, to use my phone as a dash-cam. Eventually I'd like to get video of the people that walk into my car or cyclists that ride into it... It's great for that.It's obvious the plastic or construction material allows it to fall out of tolerance, which means the ratchet action ceases to function. It's a crapshoot when you build a complex mechanism out of parts that break or wear easy, or aren't built to spec in the first place."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I love that this headset stays firmly on the head with the band and firmly on the ear with just the ear piece.  The sound quality is great, and the ability to mute the mic is the main reason I bought this.  The mute switch is in a convenient place and has a nice clip to attach to your shirt.  The only reason I give this 4 stars instead of 5 is because I have had a lot of people tell me I sound somewhat distorted when talking on it.  Usually I can make it better by adjusting the mic volume (another nice feature) or by moving the mic away from my mouth.  Overall good purchase for the money."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this for my wife for christmas and i am disapointed in the voice quality.  When she is in the car talking to me on it I can barely hear her because of the car noise and even with her having the radio on low it is still annoying to hear everything in the background.  For the almost $50 price tag i thought it would be better quality since it was the step up from the entry level bluetooth.  I also havent found how to put it on the left ear yet, i feel like i am going to break it if i try to pull the ear loop off.I would recommend spending another $40 and buying the Jawbone bluetooth.  I got one as a present and it works great and fits better on my ear.  I drastically reduces background noise.Overall, I am not impressed by motorola and thought they would make a better bluetooth for this price."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have been using this for a month.PROS:It is a good value.  It works really well, and it lasts a very long time on a charge.  The WindStop feature works very well.  People have been able to hear me very well while driving and even while playing volleyball.  It stays on the ear well but is not uncomfortable.CONS:The unit looks okay but is less attractive than some of the other high-tech units on the market.  3 of my co-workers have commented that it looks like I am wearing a phallic symbol on my ear, which is really not the look I would like to achieve."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "These are the exact ones that I was looking for but there is one problem.  They are supposed to be clear but they arrived yellowed in the package.  It is obvious that they are new, but they have yellowed and are no longer clear.  I bought these to replace existing ones that I have that have yellowed but not to the extent of these new ones.  I have had the previous ones since 2010.  I will keep as spares but am unhappy with the condition of these EarGels."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I am extremely happy with both the sound quality and the range from base on this set.  The freedom of not being wired to the phone & headset base it great.  My only complaint is that the \"over the ear\" pieces are very hard & uncomfortable -- there are several sizes but after a couple of hours, all earpieces are terribly uncomfortable (and I am someone that has worn over the ear headsets for 10+ years).  I finally switched to the \"over the head\"  attachment, which has a nice, padded earpiece and it solved the problem.  I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.  I would have given this 5 stars if they had figured out how to make a comfortable earpiece."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Beware that there are two different products shown in the Amazon product pictures as of 8/19/2013. I purchased and review only the round one with corner and bottom openings. From my experience, China-origin venders of this kind of products often ship very different items from what are shown in Amazon product pages.Prior to this, I had tried 3 similar holsters which died in a few weeks to months. But his product has been lasting very long with trusted reliability.Now after 3-1/2 years, though my iPhone has been upgraded from 3GS to 4S, I am still happy with the holster and I went abroad with them several times with confidence. But aging is an inevitable process and the holster now looks very worn. I plan to buy an exact replacement if I can find a trustful vender."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought a different BoxWave Patent Leather Clutch with magnetic closure and was so impressed by it's functionality. BoxWave changed the style to a snap closure and I didn't realize it until I received it.I'm not taking stars away because of my mistake, but by the usual problem I have with snap closures. I have to spend extra time trying to snap it together because it doesn't just close on its own like with a magnet.The case also had marks inside under two of the stitches and shows mark on the patent leather as soon as I run anything slightly against it. I used this case once, maybe twice, had to return to the magnetic BoxWave leather clutch instead."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Alright, I am a guy, and I can confidently say that the black ones belongs to us.My gf lost her iphone 5s and bought a S4, and was looking for a case.As I was shopping for a case for my S4 as well, I bought one from More (Para Vertex) and this back LuxePave black diamond for my gf.Upon receiving the two, I was so disappointed by the product from More which i paid over 40 dollars, this one caught my eyeI installed it on my phone and holy ****. My phone looked so freakin awesome and the fit was perfect.In the end, I stole this one from my gf and started using it. The backside of it has a very nice feel, not slippery at all.I highly recommend this product, if you are a male, get the black one.Great looks, great feel, great protection, great fit, great price5 Stars"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a great charger for almost any phone.  I purchased it for my wife's Samsung S3, but permanently borrowed it for my car after my failed purchase with the Samsung Official OEM Car Charger for your Galaxy S2 Phone.  See my review on the Samsung OEM charger for more details.The charger quickly powers your phone and looks good while doing it.  Motorola gave it a sleek design that lights up blue when the charger is ready.  The cord is long enough for mid size or smaller vehicles to keep it plugged in while using the Navigation app on your phone.  If you have a Samsung Galaxy S2 or S3 and need a back up or replacement car charger, I highly recommend this purchase."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I searched and searched for an affordable car charger for my new Samsung Galaxy S3 and then I stumbled on this one. I read the reviews to see if anyone tried it with an S3 and I saw quite a few positive reviews. I bought it for less than $5 and gave it a try. It worked great and charged my phone pretty quickly, even while using GPS and streaming music. I think that this device puts out about 950 mah, which is adequate for most phones. One of the reasons it works so well is because my phone detects it as an AC charger allowing for a better and faster charge. Plus, this device looks nice and lights up blue when plugged in. I would definitely recommend it. I actually just bought a second one because I like it so much."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This car charger I use for ALL my devices with MICRO USB Charger ports. The charger lights up when the phone is charging and I have found to be genuine Motorola OEM of the highest quality. And it seems to charge much faster than my old generic micro car charger did. In fact, it charged my phone from 65% to 100% while I used it on a trip in just over one hour. I was using the phone while I was charging so this to me is great! So pleased that I threw my cheapie generic car charger away and just use this genuine OEM Motorola one."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "a lovely Bluetooth headset design to fit most bluetooth enabled phones does the job as requiredperfect function and great quality call sound and microphone is extra ordinaryGreat Great GreatGreat QualityGreat SoundGreat microphoneGreat JobGreat Pricethis bluetooh was a must to find i searched all over the globe but did not  reach out finally amazon went back in stock with this the seller of this one was  great and of course the deviceit functions well and is absolutely a breakthrough keeps a charge long leather end for comfortabilty and fashioneasy use easy pair easy happy product defentily recomandedi got this and this works wellwhy take the Plantronics v510s or something similar they all have a similar look while this is exactly a third price and functions same great?!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I owned the V300 and found it to be a bit quirky, strange things would happen when ever I charged it, when it was finished all the personal settings would revert back to factory standard. They seemed to have fixed that with this latest version of the phone. My understanding is that they have combined the features from both the v300 and the v 600 to make this phone. I've only had it for 1 week and so far so good I always enjoyed functions such as speaker phone, voice dialing and voice memos, now I get the blue tooth and a much better redesigned key pad along with video clip capabilities. All of this is good news! If I had to pick a down side I would have to say that I'm dissapointed that Motorola decided to make this phone look exactly like the v300. I like what the body of the phone feels like, but a change of color would be better, maybe silver."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this battery for a premium as it boldly proclaimed &#34;Li-Ion&#34;.  That purchase was before I noted that all of the other, more inexpensive batteries were also Li-Ion types, and also OEM.  My fault for not paying attention.  Be advised there are better prices for this exact item on Amazon, so please keep looking.This having been said, the item was shipped quickly, and arrived so fast that I almost had to duck.  I therefore have no issues with the seller, who is doing a good job."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I spent a good bit of time reading Amazon reviews about Treo cases. Most of the cases had very mixed reviews. My Palm One Treo 700/650 Pouch Leather Case is stylish with a nice soft leather. At first my Treo moved around a little in the case. This little movement was not very noticable or bothersome. After I remembered the little pocket inside the case, I put 4 business cards inside. These were just enough to keep my Treo from moving. Actually the pocket can't really hold more than 4 or 5 business cards without making it difficult to close the Treo in the case. I really like the magnetic flap. It's easy to open and close. Finally the belt clip holds securely on my belt."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really like this inexpensive lightweight bluetooth headset!  Works well on my end, but sometimes the person on the other end of the call hears an echo.  Stays in my ear great without the clip that goes around your ear.  It charges up in a protective flip top box, so the headset doesn't have to plug directly into wall charger.  I store my headset in the small charging box and carry it in the small box in my pocket when not in use.  I love it that this was only $18!!!  Can't beat that price!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "But will keep this short and sweet -Cord contains lead and must be handled regularly in a car where there is nowhere to clean your hands after touching the thing.Sound quality quickly goes downhill with crackling evident after only 5 uses.Now stuck in my dashboard player because the modular adapter broke off and the cassette will not fully eject. I am sure the husband will be griping the entire time he tries to get it unstuck.Avoid at all costs!I scanned past the negative reviews since this product had a few really positive reviews with a lot of helpful votes. Big mistake as now I have to unstick the adapter from my cassette player and try to get Amazon to take it back. (I bought 2 on clearance)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This case is almost perfect for my Palm Treo 700.  The fit is great.  The leather is soft and of very high quality.  The magnetic closure is the best I've seen, with no alignment required yet very secure.  The one exception is the belt clip.  It takes three men and a dog to get it on or off the belt!  It is so tight that I think you could tear the case getting it on or off unless you pry it off with something like a pen.  I don't know what they were thinking putting such a tight clip on such a great case."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this bluetooth as a gift for a family member's Sony Ericsson cell phone.  We had to play around with it at first to get it working properly.  She still has minor issues with the headset, but overall she likes it.We decided not to return the headset because I did pair it with my iPhone 3G, after three attempts, without using the passcode.  I was able to use most features easily, with clear reception.  So the earpiece isn't defective.  The price was to good as well.Buyer beware, and do the research on the pairing capibilities with your electronic device and this bluetooth."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "One drawback of any soap-bar, or candy-bar style phone is that you have to lock the keyboard with some button combination every time you put it away or it will dial the last person you called, or someone on speed-dial when you inadvertently push one of it's keys. This holster has magnets in it that automatically puts the Pearl in standby mode, which disables the keys. The belt-clip also allows you to rotate the holster into the most comfortable position you can for driving, or  walking around."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is probably one of the most interesting tools I have ever bought.  I learn something new with it everyday.  Very easy to setup and use.  The only thing holding me back from a 5 star review is the design.  It pretty much requires exclusive use of both plugs (due to the shape) in a standard gang outlet box.  So I highly recommend getting a short jumper cable (they sell all kinds of them for plugging AC adapters ... aka wall warts ... into power strips) just get a high quality one that uses lower gauge wire and you shouldnt have any problems."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Not much to say about this product except that it works exactly as it's supposed to. I have an HTC Inspire 4G and it works great with it, as it should with any Micro-USB device. The blue glowing Motorola logo is neat looking, but also makes the product bigger than needed...not a downside just figured I should mention it. I would reccomend it as a vehicle charger for anyone with a micro-usb device, especially someone with a smart phone since their battery life usually is not so great."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "A very good high quality USB hub. Windows recognizes everything you plug into this hub and, the USB ports are nice and tight.I will say in my opinion, for a USB 2.0 hub, the Cyberpower-CP-H720 is at the top of the quality hub chart. You can plug a DVD player or web cam into this thing and it will work perfectly. My only complaint is a lack of a method of securing it to a table top but I suppose double sticky tape will do just fine. The rubber base piece is removable so it can lay flat as well."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I owned one of these for about three months, then it started to fall apart.  It was $30 at Best Buy.  I haven't replaced it, as $30 is a *lot*.$10?  I'm buying two more.  I can be moving 20 mph on my bicycle, talking to someone, with no problems.  It has far better sound quality than my 'backup', which is a Jabra with no boom.  The ear volume is adjustable on my phone, and I'm wondering what phones other reviewers have that won't let them adjust the volume?"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Really nice device to keep track with your power consumption.  Easily allows one to see all information at the push of a button to see how much a device is costing you per hour, day, week, month and year.  Highly recommend.  Found out the Keurig coffee maker pulls more watts at a given time than the cloths iron does.  Very interesting to see what items are energy hogs and which aren't.  Plus it is a nice way to make sure that the energy saving items are really energy saving.  A CFL rated at 9 watts actually only pulled 9.1 watts which is within specs tolerance.  If you are a gadget minded person, you will love this device.  Hardest part of using this device was finding out what your energy cost is in your own area as this must be kept under lock and key if you don't have a utlity bill laying around to show you."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "More importantly, the point is that the thing that goes in your ear is a cheap, thin little foam pad that will wear out very quickly.  When mine arrived, it was in little pieces all over the inside if the plastic bag they shipped it in.  No box, no packing - not even some cheap bubble wrap and a rubber band, just chucked it into a bag.  I realize it's super cheap but it should last a month.  Is there we are at now?  I wish Amazon would be... at all selective on what they offer for sale."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Definitely a much better headset than the other two Motorola models that I also own -- it is loud, clear and the battery lasts a good two days between stand-by and light/medium use. It is a little larger in size but it is light in weight and comfortable for extended wear (3-4 hours at a time).There is one drawback, the unusual power cord/plug. After only 1-2 months of use, the headset started to not charge properly unless the plug is connected to the bottom of the headset just right.***10/2008***I liked it so much, I bought one for my wife. Unfortunately, hers die within 2 months with very light use. And, I mean 'light' -- it spent most of its life sitting on her nightstand. The light indicator went dark (not turned off) and it wasn't picking up her voice when she speaks into it. We returned it for a replacement and this one appears to be working just fine."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have used a lot of screen protectors for my iphone, and this one is the best. I'm happy to finally have a clear screen cover that works. For the past two years I wouldn't even try them, using only the anti-glare covers. Then I would get tired of the anti-glare covers because in my opinion they detracted from the attractiveness of the screen.This cover looks great; you have to look real close to even realize there is a cover on there (wasn't the case with previous clear covers I had used). Boxwave sent me cleaning supplies with the two covers - that made it very easy to apply without getting any dust caught in between. And finally, finger prints do not show up as readily as they do when there is no cover.Nice screen cover. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this headset at the same time as my Verizon Palm Treo 650.  Pairing was a snap, and it supported the hands free profile.  The call quality was great on both ends (however wind or car A/C caused people on the other end to have lower quality).  I only charged it twice - day one and one week later.  I used it for about a total of one to two hours a day on my commute.There was just one drawback, and it was a deal-breaker for me.  I wear glasses, and the bulk of the headset behind the ear made it very uncomfortable.  I returned the headset today after I had to end my call on the way home after 20 minutes.  If you don't wear glasses, this is an ideal bluetooth headset for the Treo 650."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This device is a small attachment for any of the Navigon 2100, 5100 or 7100 series GPS.For some reason, Navigon decided to place the charger receptacle on the BOTTOM (facing downwards) of their units. This makes little difference if you use the windshield suction cup to hold and display your unit. However, if you use the adhesive disc for the dash then the charger cord will likely have to be bent at right angles to make the connection, as its receptacle on the GPS points straight down. This device, when attached to the GPS, allows allows the charger cord to come in from the side, eliminating any acute bending of the cord.Conclusion:A helpful device for all Navigon GPS units; intend for those users who wish to have their unit mounted to the dash. 5 Stars"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This product works great, my phone died on a camping trip, and I had bought 2 of these. They charged it so I could talk on the phone and text on the way back. I use the Eneloop rechargeable batteries so I can recharge them after I use them.The other reviewer does not understand that his cell phone battery can store more energy than 2AA batteries. These chargers will add a couple hours of talk time but not fully charge your phone. If you need to fully charge your phone I would suggest a normal charger because these would take too many batteries for normal use.I love these chargers, and will always keep one in my car. They have saved me more than once."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The C139 is the cheapest model in Tracfone's lineup.  It's a very good basic phone that gives you good voice clarity and easy text messaging.  Because Tracfone doesn't have a lot of services to offer (which isn't a bad thing for people who only want basic cellular service), this phone doesn't give you music downloads or live TV (which on other carriers are mostly misleading hype anyway).  The color screen is small but good-quality.  The only thing I don't like is Tracfone's 60-day refill polic: you must refill every 60 days to keep your account active; otherwise you forfeit your number and balance.  Other prepaid providers like Speak Out Wireless (from 7-Eleven) give you one full year of usage."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a very nice looking case and the Droid X fits nicely in it.  As another reviewer stated you have to modify it some so you can attach a charging cable to it.  That's not so bad. But the clip that installs on the case does not stay on securely and if you are getting out of your vehicle or up from a chair the seat belt or chair arm will pop the case right off the clip.  Luckily the case protects it well enough but I still don't like it coming off that easy."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I am no expert on these headsets, this is the first one I have ever bought. That being said, I think this one is great. I have a Samsung phone and I was never really pleased with the way the mic picked up my voice and often people would complain of not being able to hear me but with this made my voice clear and understandable. I was worried of the background noise by the nature of the bluetooth but the AudioIQ seems to do an excellent job keeping the noise out, not sure how. It is simple to set up as well. Overall I am really pleased with this. Highly Recommended!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like this bluetooth mainly because of the fit.  I find it stays comfortably in your ear and doesn't easily fall off.  I previously bought a Motorola blue tooth and dropped it about 5 days after I got it, I could no longer get a connection to my phone and pretty much threw it out.  I have dropped this about 2 times already and it still works fine.  I like that you can easily rotate to put on your other ear because I cannot handle something in my ear for too long. The sound quality is not perfect but I think it is great for the price. I bought one for each of my family members."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought an H500 a few years ago when it first came out. It was plagued with low volume and poor connection. After using a nokia bluetooth for the last year I got this one again because of the no cell phone laws in California as of July 1st.This headset is plenty loud with my Sony Ericsson T650i and I haven't had it drop the bluetooth connection yet. The volume sits a little below half and I can hear perfectly in the car. Battery life rocks and voice clarity is a lot better than I remembered it with the first H500.4 out of 5 stars because the ear clip is flimsy and doesn't allow the H500 to sit tightly against your ear. So if you're planning on using this while running or during an intense walk - don't count on it.Definitely recommend this as a great bluetooth device. Can't go wrong with the price!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Bottom line: can't use because the volume of my voice is too low for people to easily hear.  Bought off of ebay after my c200 cord was cut.  The c200 worked well, but this c250 with the longer \"boom\" mic extension was not as loud.  Jabra headsets are very comfortable and easy to wear all day.  Reasonably easy to put on with one hand once you get the hang of it.  I am not sure if my problem was unusual, but these corded headsets seem to be hit or miss.  I have had other brands where the sound quality is not very good or too low.I will just reorder another c200 and take my chances with that."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm not sure if I would wear this in public, but I got this because of the good reviews it received with regard to sound quality & noise cancellation. Sound is crsytal clear & deep. I got it to work with the Sony Bluetooth adapter, Sony Vaio laptop, my Nokia cell phone, & my iPod Touch. A big plus is that you can use it as a passive headset by plugging in a 3.5 mm audio cable. It's a good idea to purchase the carrying case to protect it while transporting or storing."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have numerous amount of USB thumb drives which all have the little loop on them. However, do to cost cutting, they don't come with them any longer. So I decided to purchase some for myself. I have a USB drive that is thumb nail size. This one has the smallest loop of them all but with the help of a paperclip, i was able to get the strap in. This allows me to remove the drive from my PC with little trouble. They are not too long about 2 inches, so they are the perfect size The price for 10 wasn't much more than the price for 1, so it made sense and I have extra in case one breaks.Though the scheduled arrival date was a few weeks back from what I wanted but it did come within that time without an issue. All 10 appear to be in good shape and are not damaged upon arrival. They came in a small clear zip bag, within a large shipping envelope."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like this headset. It is very comfortable and lightweight. Stays on fine when adjusted properly. The volume is great. Callers say they can hear me fine without noise interference. What I like best is You can close it to turn it off an open it and it automatically reconnects. You can answer call waiting with this too. Also I haven't had it randomly disconnect as I turn my head as my other one did. I don't know about battery life yet as i only have had it 3 days."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I originally bought this for a Motorola phone, and when I upgraded to a Samsung, I decided to continue using it since the connector was the same. It worked perfectly. I've upgraded again, and it continues to work. It is a rapid charger, and I find that it does charge my phone more quickly than a regular charger. It has a sleek style, and I like the \"blue light\" that glows when the charger is powered. I've bought these for my wife and two sons (and none of us have a Motorola phone). But what I love most, is the PRICE (under $6 as of this review)!!! Verizon would charge me quadruple for a charger.[...]"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought it expecting it to be much better than the one I've had for almost two years now. Big disappointment. The static I used to get from the bt250 has not gone away especially when I have my phone in my left pocket of my pants and the headset on my right ear. Also, people tell me my voice sounds remote like I am in a room.This is not acceptable. I am going back to BestBuy to return it. Why pay $120 if there's no added value?!No doubt, it wraps around your ear very snug unlike the Motorola headsets but there's virtually no improvements compared to BT250.And let me guess - the next Jabra model would be BT500v for vibrate. I can tell you now - I ain't buying that one either.I guess it'll be a while before someone comes up with a headset that's not static-y but I'm willing to wait.Roumen."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I found this headset very comfortable, with excellent audio quality, the few times it successfully connected to my Nokia phones.After working with BlueAnt tech support and trying it on two different phones, they admitted that they have a known issue with Symbian OS phones (most Nokia and some other smartphones) where the headset can be \"paired\" with the phone, but it does not connect reliably for incoming or outgoing calls. Phrases used by the tech included:\"[We] haven't got around the compatibility issues with Symbian phones.\"\"[this is a] known issue.\"and apparently there is a significant amount of discussion on the BlueAnt support boards (which he could not find during our call).NOT RECOMMENDED FOR SYMBIAN OWNERS as much as I would like to!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I drive a convertible and I have gone through 6 different hands-free devices that didn't work. Wind noise is awfully high with the top down, and my wife could never hear me when I talked on a hands-free. That is no longer a problem. The Shure works great! It is comfortable, clear sounding and best of all - I'm audible when I speak. If it had a \"turbo\" button, it would be perfect, but other than that - it is terrific. This is the best I've seen..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Well, I went ahead and bought this at the reduced price. It was good at first and then other people were having problems hearing me and I was misunderstood because of this headset. Thankfully, it wasn't one of my important calls and just resulted in a bit of confusion between that person and me. I am returning this product because it is just not worth it to me if the other person cannot hear me properly. I do like the design of it and the fact that you get to choose how you place it in your ear. I don't care about it otherwise."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Long battery life, connects quickly to phone. Phone callers can't even tell I am on a BT headset, no complaints of inablility to hear my voice will on a call. It is not for people with wide necks, does not stretch much. Can slide back when active and the earphones are not in your ears. Otherwise light, controls are easy to reach and distiguish. I have the similar LG HBS730 but prefer these due to the ease of finding the buttons you want but prefer the flexible neck of the LGs."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Very good device, Easy to use and set up, fit is comfortable, sound quality is very good, and stand by /talk time are great, I have had a few other bluetooth ear pieces that fit better but sound was poor, longer stand by and talk time, but I figuerd if I was on the phone that long I need to re think my life, when I first purchsed it because of it's size I thought I would loose it, year and a half later my dog chewed it, Great device for the money."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "First off, I have had this product since 2007 and was fortunate to catch it at a great bargain!!  Since then, I have not had one problem with it except when I forget to change the batteries!I have been able to successfully pair and use this keyboard with originally a Samsung I760, then a HTC Touch Pro 2 and now my Motorola Xoom tablet.  I was surprised that I didn't even have to download drivers, it worked once I simply paired it.Not having number dedicated keys was a sacrifice but I can type memos, emails or simply work on a novel at anytime conveniently by having this portable keyboard.  The keyboard itself is very durable and has a sturdy feel when you are typing."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this for my Samsung Epic 4G (the 1st gen Galaxy S, not the new Epic 4G Touch) since the genuine Sprint charger I bought would not charge properly. It feels nice and sturdy and I have it plugged into a socket hidden inside my center console so the light doesn't bother me. It works great charging my Epic 4G. If it goes low enough again I might buy a spare.Update 1-2-2012:After 5 months of nearly daily usage in my car I'm happy to stay it's still running great. I bought a spare which I keep in my trunk for the day this one eventually dies, but since that hasn't happened I'm very happy and will definitely stick with this model for as long as I have micro-usb phones.Update 5-14-2012:Still working great! I haven't had any problems that I can remember."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've tried and returned at least 5 headsets ranging from $15 to $150. This one was typical of the others that I returned, low volume on the earpiece and low quality microphone. I finally ended up with a Panasonic TCA60 for about $19 which is very loud and sounds great on both ends. It's nothing fancy, no volume control and no mute, but who needs that when you can accomplish the same thing with your phone. Price does not determine sound quality. I recommend this product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This case is ok , but there are certainly better ones out there for cheaper.I ordered this case with high expectation thinking i was going to recieve a brand name product from Boxwave , instead i recieved a generic case with no branding .There are other cases here on amazon and other sites that are exactly the same thing i recieved for less then half the price this one is being sold for.For some reason my comments doesnt get approved im not sure why , just letting you all know my personal experience with this transaction ."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I used this phone lifter in combination with the Plantronics CS50 Wireless Office Headset.  It was a powerful combination that allowed me to answer my phone up to 300 feet away from my office. This lifter fits onto your phone base and lifts the receiver when you press a button on your remote headset.  You can answer the phone or hang-up when the call is completed without ever touching the receiver.The lifter came with a plug in mini-microphone ring detector that attached to my base phone and it allowed the base station to notify me when the phone was ringing.  The setup was quick and easy and the device took up almost no space on my desk as it attached to my phone.I spent thousands of hours a year on the phone and this device along with my remote wireless headset saved me a lot of neck stress and phone holding for hours a day.  This is a useful tool in any modern office and I recommend it to you."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have used so many car chargers for micro usb devices.  Many cheap made in china, chargers takes forever to charge the phone.  Some even do not fit well in socket, and some I had to position the charger to charge the phone.  In some charger cord came off from base charger and or micro usb end.After I invested money in this, it seems like solution of all problems.1. Durable cord, which I believe that will be fine during cold winter.2. Durable connections to base charger and micro usb end.3. Cool blue lamp which indicates charger is well connected in power socket.4. No problem with connecting and charging any micro usb phone.I liked it so much that I ordered second one to replace it in my second car!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "A note of caution from someone who owned and used just about every major Blackberry model: if you already own a standard USB 2.0 cable and you don't need an extra, then you do NOT need this cable. All a Blackberry needs for data transfer is a STANDARD USB 2.0 cable with a Micro-USB connector at one end.There is NOTHING special about this cable and nothing justifies the artificially inflated MSRP listed for it. While this item is sold at a 90% off the MSRP discount, it's probably okay to purchase one, for as long as, after reading the first paragraph you decide that you will need a USB 2.0 cable.The items has 2 stars taken away for the exaggerated marketing claim (professional grade custom cable) and for the inflated MSRP.NOTE: Please make sure that you buy cable with a MICRO-USB connector because this is what your Blackberry needs."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this set to fix a pair of eyeglasses that had loose screws. The smallest screwdriver in this kit was perfect for that job, so mission accomplished. The tops of each screwdriver twirls independently from the shaft, meaning you can keep a finger on top of the head to stabilize the driver while you're screwing. (Sorry, there's no other way to say that.) The box suggests these screwdrivers can be used for repairing eyeglasses, cameras, watches, fishing reels, hobbies, electronics, and small appliances. I think this set will come in very handy."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Overall, I think that it's a safe investment in a mobile phone. One sad thing about cell phones is that they improve so quickly, there's always a race to have the best.Right now, this phone is one of the best, without the 300+ pricetag. If you're paying 300 for it, you aren't getting a good deal.Clear reception, included ear piece is more comfortable than the generics that come with a phone like the R225 Samsung.Great display. Only downside is the wiping it off thing. Oils form your skin and ear show up easily on the pristine surface. Very clear pictures and nice graphics.I give it a 10 out of 10."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really like this case. I got the Frosted version, and I kind of wish I got the BodySuit or something else because the Frosted feel is not my favorite. The case leaves a good lip around the screen and the TPU has a good thickness to it, without being too thick, so IA feel like this would protect my phone pretty well in a drop.My only complaint is that the volume buttons are subpar. It takes a very good push to get the buttons to work, and a lot of creaking goes on in the process with the TPU.Overall, though, this is a great case at an awesome price."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have owned 2 Plantronics headsets -- The 665 and its predecessor, the 655. Both have suffered the same fate. The little rubber ear tips are flimsy and keep breaking. When I pick up the headset, the ear tip falls out. I purchased the ear tip replacement pack, which costs about $10 and you get 3 ear tips -- 1 small, 1 medium, and 1 large. Given that I only have a need for 1 size, I basically had to pay $10 for one ear tip... which broke after 30 days. The headset sounds pretty good, fits in my ear OK, and people say they can hear me pretty well. Despite all of these positives, I will be replacing it with another brand."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "10 years into the cell phone revolution the phones have gotten smaller, lighter with great features but what's the point when you can't carry on a conversation? I have found Cingular to be by far the worst in terms of dropped calls in the SF Bay Area. I suffered thru AT&T and their conversion to GSM and Cingular is not any better than that service no matter what they promise. Cingular also has very consumer unfriendly 2 yr. contracts that you will be paying on long after that shiny phone has lost its lustre. They are constantly changing their rollover minute plans to screw you out of your minutes. When i downgraded from a higher national plan to a lower national plan they took away all the minutes I aquired in a year. In other words maximize the revenue - minimize the service is their motto.  I could live with this if i could make a decent phone call - i can't believe there are so many dead areas in a place with 13 million people."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I don't know, I've always liked high-tech and loved the idea of bluetooth, even though it tends to make one look like a space alien contacting the mother ship or a blathering fool until someone notices the bluetooth unit in your ear.But I've never gotten good reception with bluetooth units or enough batter life. Don't get me started on static and wind noise.That's why for the money you can't do better than these wired units. They're lightweight, comfortable, and have ample cord length. I've ordered several, and you'd pay 3 times the price in a bog-box electronics store. Do yourself a favor, even if you do own a bluetooth, keep one of these one hand. Well worth the price."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The over-the-ear piece is a not a good fit for my ears. Moreover, they are extremely fragile and prone to breaking. Within 5 minutes of getting the phone out of the box, I broke the ear piece just trying to get the headset over my ear. I put the headset in my piece and bent the second piece. The plastic piece covering the control buttons seemed very cheap also, and I think it would be a matter of time before that broke as well. I generally take good care of my headsets and electronic equipment, so if the headset seemed fragile to me, it probably will for most. Also, as a woman with a small head, the headset just felt clumsy and big. On the upside, the acoustics seemed decent, but then I only used the headset once and decided to return it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Guys,I have used several of my friends bluetooth headsets (motorolas and jabras) and had decided I didn't want one.  Then I found the Mobile Freedom and read the reviews.  I know Logitech and have used a lot of their stuff with good results so I tried it.  IT DOES EVERYTHING YOU HAVE READ!!  It's quiet in the wind, it's battery lasts for days for me, it's easy to use, easy to pair and the sound quality is awesome!!  Nobody could ever tell I was using a headset.  It takes a bit to get used to the ear clip, but once you do there are no problems.  It may be a bit heavier and larger than some, but then those little tiny ones that look so chic also have TERRIBLE reviews and TERRIBLE performance!!  Try it out, you won't regret it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had this beauty for nearly 2 months now and I truely love it.  The only disappointment so far has been battery life.  Mine generally requires a charege every 48 hours or so and I don't really talk on it that much.Why is this phone so great?  Simple.  It has it all.  This is the first phone I know of that has the large bright screen, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.If you are looking for an upgrade, this is definitely the phone for you."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This case cover is very thin and I imagine would only protect from scratches and the smallest of bumps. It fit my Nexus quite well, to the point it was causing me some trouble to get it over the edges of my screen cover. But once done I am happy with it. There is no excessive movement, the buttons work easily still and the cut out for the speaker and plug ins work perfectly. It also gives some extra grip to the rather slick Nexus, making one hand operation and reading safer and easier."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "HAHAHA...LOL-OL-OL...there are 35 reviews of a $.84 bag of straps!, well i am the 36th time-well-spent reviewer LOL! Sorry people, and seriously, who cares to know if these straps can hall a 4x8 trailer (haha)... You have 10 tries and if all fail just buy another bag of them! I also am buying a bunch of tiny usb's as gifts for xmas and ran into these with comments, and spent 15 mins with it LOL! Merry xmas to all!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have owned this 510 for almost four years and have worn it nearly eight hours every day.  I have been very satisfied.  The cons for this ear piece are it does not block wind and background noise very well.  My ear buds are getting very loose after four years, so I am ordering another set of those.  I also ordered a new pro plus headset after watching the product demo in the wind tunnel.  Very convincing.  I will rate the new headset after I try it out.  At any rate, you can't go wrong with  the 510."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The Phone charger works, it charges the phone. However, while the phone is charging it continually beeps as when the battery is too low.It will not stop beeping while it is charging until the battery reaches a certain percentage.I do not think this is the correct charger to be using on the phone I have.Now I am worried based on other reviewers that the battery may blow on the phone and I'll have to replace that too.I would not recommend buying this charger.The charger from my old blackberry works better."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "At first, I was a bit leary about buying one of these, because I had heard that they were never loud enough unless you were in a very quiet place. NOT TRUE! I have to say I've had to turn down the volume on this before! Now, don't take that out of context, but this is a great product. I live in Texas and drive a loud truck, and I've been able to use this product driving down the road! I would definitely recommend this product. A great purchase for the money."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this phone a few months ago and can truly say it is one of the best investments I have ever made! I had doubts on how comfortable I'd be lugging around a big phone like this, but that was short lived once it was in my hands. I get so much use from this phone, not only for the phone itself, but for the PDA capabilites. I have never been so organized and on top of things. The only thing is that it sometimes freezes when it connects with my Bluetooth, but it's a minor complaint and one easily overlooked when I look back and see how much this phone has helped me."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've been buying these headsets for several years, recommending them to friends and associates and now I'm buying them as gifts for the headset challenged. You know, people who literally have pains in their neck from clamping a phone between their head and shoulders.These are wonderful headsets. I've used them with a variety of cordless and cell phones. As long as you have a 2.5mm socket, you're in business. Audio reception is excellent even for those like me with moderate hearing loss. And the microphones are simply top-notch.I've had only one break and that was because I crammed it into a travel case - and I mean crammed. With regard to ordinary daily abuse, these hold up well.All in all, an excellent value.Jerry"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought one of these and the second time I plugged it in the light on the end went out and it stopped working! This thing is junk, there is no way to replace the fuse (if there is one) without destroying it. I tried to take it apart, but you can't without breaking it. If this is a genuine motorola product its a stupid design. Now do I break it open and hope I can get it back together or toss it??? I have NEVER had a problem with a car charger in the 10+ years I have owned a cell phone, that should tell you something! How do you screw one up?! You hire the idiot who designed this one thats how!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've been using this headset for about two weeks with a Blackberry 8700C. The headset has a very comfortable fit and the volume is nice and loud. The downside is that the battery life seems a bit sub-standard. I have been caught several times using it and running out of batteries. I also have some random disconnects with my Blackberry. Tough to say whether these disconnects are phone or headset related. I think this is a great value for the money though and prefer it over the Motorola's and Jabra's (better fit, louder sound). There is some difficulty pressing the buttons on this headset too - nothing that I could not work around though."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Okay so it works like any other charger, it still take the same amount of time to charge it has a cool look I was expecting more but hey how much more can you get out of a car charger. It took a some time to get to me plus it was not good on updating me on the tracking. So those are my negatives here are my positives..... I did get the product within the time adviced, it will charge up my phone and it has a cool blue look. Thats all I can give ya. Will still continue business with this company but will make sure to investigate comments before buying."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've been using mine for over 4 years and it's finally starting to show some wear with the wraparound earpiece, and having a few issues with it shutting off unexpectedly.  All in all, for having it over four years, it's a great purchase.  Although I'm still using mine daily, I'm ready to purchase a new one, and one with a battery is the best, as I simply carry AAA batteries in my car, so whenever this one dies, I just put a new one in on the go.  No worrying about bringing it into the house to charge, forgetting to take it back out, or losing the charging cord.  I love it because it's so convenient and can leave it in the car 100% of the time, so it's always for sure there."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use in an old-school minivan, with a deep dashboard, and my phone is a Galaxy II (I know, I'll update it soon!)Pros:1- Sticks well on window.  I've used on all kinds of roads (and switched to 3 different cars), always works great.2- Easily adjustable.  Quickly adjusts to whatever angle, whether flexing the arm or turning sideways/straight up.  The ability of the tabs on the side to fold in are the best design of the 3 I've had.  The others maintained a fixed holder on the bottom, which affected how it held when I turned it sideways.3- Wow, I love the grip design.  It allows each arm to slide left/right.  So, I can keep the bottom ones tighter to avoid pressure on my volume buttons while sliding one of the top ones to avoid pressure on my action button.I haven't found a con yet.Good luck!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This battery is for my super old Moto V3 phone that I am using as secondary phone. this is my 3rd battery on the phone since i bought it many years ago. (wow the phone is still working) anyway, it gave 6-7 days of stand by time. I am using the phone to recive SMS only. I am not really using it for calling much now.But when I was using it actively for few weeks (after my primary phone broke down) it gave me solid 4.5 days of calling and texting time. Not bad... really... I can recomend this battery strongly.S."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a great idea! You have cases for phones so why not have one for your bluetooth. I have a Motorola HS850 earpiece and wanted to make sure that I would not lose or misplace it. This holder clips on to my car visor or my purse so it is handy. It fits my earpiece perfectly. I got one for my husband and brother for their bluetooth. You can't beat the quality or the price. I definitely recommend this for anyone that has an earpiece and is constantly misplacing it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I am using this device on my Samsung Fascinate:I liked my first one so much, I ordered two more. One for each car, and one to carry with me (I'm a professional driver, and use lots of different vehicles).Fortunately, the micro-USB interface is becoming quite common, so this also charges my wifes phone, and my bluetooth headset.As a bonus, it clearly lights up to let you know when it is getting power.  This is very handy, since not all vehicles give power when the vehicle is turned off."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I gave this product a 3 because the clip easily broke off. the case is good which comes in two parts. A hard shell phone case is fits really well and you can use it just like that plus a sliding cover with a clip. The cover works like a screen protector and keeps scratches from the screen. The only bad side is since the phone is big and when you clip it on your belt, the clip snaps off its place when you sit down. 2 occasions my phone fell on a taxi seat because the clip detached it self from the case. If I was not watchful i could have lost my phone. From that time on i keep my phone in my back pocket"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Works well even in the wind.  Can't listen to music through it with my SLVR though, as expected.  I find I don't use it much though.I set up a shortcut in my SLVR for quickly enabling bluetooth when I am wearing my headset. If I have a bluetooth headset active, it refuses to play music at all - through the built-in speaker or a cable.  But this is the fault of the SLVR.Update:  I dropped it outside, where it got rained on for two days before I found it.  Thoroughly dried it out and turned it on.  Still works!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm using mine with the Jabra A210 non-bluetooth phone adapter and it works fine. I've used it in the office on my cellphone (handsfree allows me to type and talk with no wires) I use it in the car and it gives me great movement without wires. Very small clips around the ear and you don't even realize its there. Very pleased with this unit. I charge it overnight and it works all day from 530am till 11pm constantly receiving calls. I've had this for a about a week and I'll leave it on this weekend to see just how long it will last before running out of gas. I'm pleased with the quality of the Microphone and Earpiece. Can't believe just how well the mic works. I can shout and whisper and the volume is constant. This is my first bluetooth earpiece and I'm happy with it ! Some calls have slight distortion, but since other calls are crystal clear, I have to believe its the cellphone connection and not the earpiece."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "After a small amount of screwing around the H500 connected with myNokia N75 without a hitch.  I find that if you firmly place the earloop around the base of the ear and then fold in the receiver in fitsfirmly and doesn't come loose.  I agree that the volume could go higher;however, in a quiet room it is adequate.  I'm told that I'm clearlyheard on the other end of the connection.  This is also in a quiet room.Small and lite.  I think this a rather nifty piece of gear."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought these today at WalMart, and they are terrible. After cutting with a paper trimmer, they were perfect size. Although after VERY careful and slow application, rolling on just a cm at a time, air bubbles would form. I tried rolling the protector on as slow as possible while rubbing from center out with a microfiber cloth. After application, and only rubbing the protector with microfiber, it was scratched past the point of no return. I cannot imagine what this screen protector would look like after a few days of use.Although this product may protect the screen, after a couple of days use you probably won't be able to see the screen with all the accumulated scratches. The users guide says for best results to replace monthly. After initial application I removed it and threw it away.Waste of money."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This headset was purchased to replace a Jabra BT8040.  The goal was to get a headset in which 1) people could hear me clearly and 2) I could hear them clearly.  After having this Plantronics headset for over a month, I am very pleased with the purchase so far.  With this headset, I have had no complaints that callers can't hear me or complaints of interference.  Also, I am able to hear the caller well.In researching buetooth headsets, I opted for this one based on the performance review and price point."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I fixed the issues, for the time being.  I turned down the bass on my stereo.  I also made the default volume 75% on my phone.  This is the combination that worked for me.  I also left the casette in.  I figured if there was dust and other stuff in there, then i would have to let it settle.  The burn in period was about 3 days.  Afterwards it was AMAZING, the sound clarity improved so much. So don't give up, try these things. You may need to clear the dust from inside your tape player, I'm sure that may be the cause of many issues.Fix eject issue:[...]"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have had this phone for almost a year now. I have not had any major issues. Though a little slippery to hold. The bad part about the keyboard is that you have to use two hands for it. I have been reading about people losing their stylus', I haven't had that problem so far. I have added a 2GB mini SD card for my tunes. Although this phone does not like Macs, it is a good windows device which requires occasional reset. A built-in task manager would help."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought a similar one @ a local store & was surprised how well it held my phone, my sons phone & iPod.  I pd almost $6 & it is 1/2 the size of this one.  I needed another one & it looked bigger. Wow!! It's bigger, I have a. Portable fan even on one of these!!  I loved it so much, I bought another one. WARNING.... This has NOTHING to do w/ the product itself, BUT if u use this for your phone, iPod & it's HOT outside & u have this on ur dashboard... DO NOT put your phone or iPod on it!! My phone over heated!!!! Thank goodness it ok my phone.... But u live & learn. I also keep loose change on it... Glasses... Small toys stay too!!!!  Enjoy !!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "When it comes to headsets, the sound quality is the bottom line for me. I'm sorry to say that this one doesn't have it. I found the function excellent and especially liked the folding boom mike. The fit was a bit loose but not a huge problem. The big issue for me was the muffled sound, both for me and the caller. The other problem is that in a noisy environment holding a conversation became a real problem. I have tested 8 different headsets by pairing two of them at a time, putting one in each ear, and switching between them during a call. This lets me and the caller make a reasonable comparison of sound quality. Only one of the other 7 I tested did worse. (I also tested the Motorola H700 and found it to have the same pros and cons as this one.)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It seems that, to date, no one has really created a durable holster for the Note 2, but this one is the best so far. The new lip at the bottom of the unit keeps the phone from falling out while holstered (Yup, other designs have had that problem). The belt clip seems more durable as well. I've owned at least a few different designs of Note 2 holsters now, and I've broken them all by simple actions like accidentally catching the unit on a door jam.This unit has held up better in the past week or so that I've had it (Yup, broke'm in less than a week prior). It's easier to retrieve the phone with the sleek design than some other bulkier, soft-rubber cases. I like it so far."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have to say this is prolly the best bluetooth headphone out there, but also the most expensive.  I had bought mine through Verizon with a 25% corp. discount, which came out to $90.  If I had know Amazon carried it, I would of purchased through Amazon and saved about $7 on tax.I paired it with my LG Voyager and it works fine and it even works all the way across the gym.  The sound quality is good, but the volume on the unit is not loud enough.I have heard many people complain that the unit is not water resistant, I have not jogged with it yet, but will found out later.  Great product with good looks."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Yeah, I know, they warned me; but I thought I was smarter than the average bear- not so.If you have auto reverse on your tape player and you cannot shut the feature off, this will not work.  It may work for a few minutes at a time, but will always end up frustrating you by switching every few minutes.If you can turn off the auto reverse (or don't have it), it's a very solid product that sounded great.For those like me who need a FM transmitter instead of the tape version, I'd suggest the Soundkase FM Transmitter for iPod & MP3s.  We've been using it for a week or 2 with good results (and from my research, probably the best results you can get if you can't use a tape connection)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Bought the charger for my Atrix 2 phone.  Tried my other chargers and they didn't put out enough power to actually charge the phone.  They would maintain my phone battery.  This charger will charge my battery from about 20% while I'm using it (moderate use) in about 3 hours.  The charger is well-built.  The cable is not thick, but it isn't cheaply constructed.  I suspect that it will give me about a year or a little more of heavy use.  The charger is neatly styled.  If you have a tight area to put a charger in, this may not work.  The rounded end is a little large.  Overall, though, it shouldn't give much problems.  Great charger."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Yes - I use this about once ever two months...The latest case - I compared the Blendtec Blender which consumed 1546 watts on max while making a smoothie and then compared my old Ninja 1100 (rated for 1100 watts) but it only consumed 320 Watts on max!!! That is why it can't break down seeds and it SUX!!!I also detected that the ninja uses 2 watts while plugged in and off but the blendtec uses 0w.  Very handy device and it is a must for all that care about saving energy and giving our world a future."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The WEP200 sounds pretty good, is easy to use and is pleasantly small, but the system for keeping it in the ear is nearly useless. It comes with three different sizes of these little rubber loop things that are supposed to create enough pressure and friction on the inside of the auricle to keep the device in place, but none of them would keep the little thing in my ear, it would always fall out.It comes with nice a little case that also serves as the charger.  However, this device also a little bit overpriced. So, on to the next one."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have tested this against the griffin dual output unit.I checked the charging current.This unit was charging my galaxy note battery with 70 ma.Griffin was charging with 40 ma! And the griffin was 4 times more expensive.I have not used these for very long. I bought 15 of them, because they are so cheap and because they actually do seem to provide high current.No idea how long they last. I assume they will work fine. I have not been using them much. I did the testing , just to stock up on a high current charger. This passed and I stocked up."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Pros:Price of this unit on Amazon.SOund qualitylight weightBattery lifefolds to almost half its extended sizeCons:-volume buttons need some redesign.  I have huge fingers and still cant get used to doing the volume without looking at the buttons on the right ear phone.-no noise cancelling feature in this model.  couldnt be that much harder to add it.  im sure later models will have this feature.-BT connection problems.  Not sure if its the headphones or my LG Voyager, but sometimes even though the LG says the Sony headset is connected, music will come blaring out of the phone instead.  It takes some power cycling of Bluetooth on the phone and headset to get everything to work.  Again, this may be LG Voyager issue.-Travel pouch sucks.  Absolutely no padding."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Well, went on the internet first....$14.00, then to a very well known store, here in Gloucester, MA, $28.  I was not happy.  Then, of course, I knew Amazon would come up with something...they did, $4.00 and change...it arrived promptly.  I cannot say enough about Amazon, they are realistic in their prices, knowing that people do not have that kind of money to pay for a wire,,for 14 or 28 dollars. I have never been so happy to get what I need without spending my last dollar for it.  Thank you again and again."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm not a Bluetooth techie, so I can't compare this to other headsets, but after a month of ownership, I can say it works great.My car has built-in Bluetooth, but everbody tells me that when I'm in the car it sounds like I'm under water.  Not so with the Motorola - I'm told it's crystal-clear.The only negatives I have are:* The multifunction button has no tactile feel - it leads you to press too hard, and too often.  This is especially a problem when you're walking or driving.* The flip out mic is nifty, but the headset tends to wobble if you shake your head at all."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had these for a while and liked them.  If I wear them for more than 30 minutes, the top of my ears against my head hurt.  I was willing to put up with that because I liked the wireless aspect, and they sounded good.  The ear cushion is great, it's just the weight pushing the rubber shark fin piece against your ears that hurts after a while.Recently I laid them down at work over the weekend.  I guess I laid them down incorrectly, because they are now misshapen.  Once that happens, you are out of luck.  They will no longer fit against your ears.So they sound great, but no longer fit.  I think the ear pieces are just too heavy and it relies on the plastic head/neck band piece to maintain an exact shape.Anyway, I am disappointed and will not buy this model again."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I received it promptly.  I was little uncertain at first when I opened the shipping package I saw what it was packaged in, a zip lock bag. I also was hesitant to buy because other reviews stated that it wasn't durable.  But I figured for the price I'll give it a try. I wouldn't lose much if it didn't work out for me and if it did then I got at an awesome price! I've had it for three months now and it works great. It isn't as flimsy as people said it is, I don't see how people could break those prongs.  Sturdy and reliable! I would highly recommend it!!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The first thing I noticed with the Samsung WEP200 when I first connected it to my Treo 750 was how fast it connected and how great the quality was.I have owned many Bluetooth Headsets and most of them had unusable static or they would not connect to my device in a timely fashion or even connect after the unit was in standby for long periods of time.The WEP200 connects quickly and the sound quality is superb.People on the other end can't even tell I am on a Bluetooth headset.The earpiece fits into my ear snugly and is fairly comfortable for about a few hours and then it gets a bit on the sore side. I wish there was some sort of necklace dongle where it could be placed and taken off when needed.Its small and very light and the range is excellent.Very highly recommended."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "In truth, I am glad I bought this case in the event that I need to store or travel with my scanner.  However, I don't see myself taking my scanner anywhere.  Since I bought my scanner, it has been next to my computer and I don't really see the need to take it anywhere.One thing I am curious about is that the case has 2 sides with elastic and only one scanner fits inside, so I can't figure out why 2.  Anyway, it is just an observation because it doesn't affect the fact that the slim scanner fits great in it and protects it well."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I previously owned an H300 and was impressed with the quality for the price.  When I lost the H300 I decided to try the H700.  I was most interested in the improved sound quality and the fit around the ear.  In those two areas the H700 is definitely an improvement over the H300.  I did not use the voice activated commands, so I cannot speak to that, but I do see where that could be useful.Overall I do see the H700 as an improvement over the H300.  My only problem with it, which is why I did not give it 5 stars, was the Bluetooth drop out.  It seems that the Bluetooth on the H700 drops out more often than the H300.  I would say that it drops out on 1 in every 20 calls."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Item does work well as far as sound quality and setup ease. However ear loop is basically not adjustable at all, consequently making the ear piece itself to constantly work its way out of my ear and feel as if it were just hanging there... After days of pushing ear piece back into my ear canal and hoping the loop would give a bit. i returned it for exactly those reasons... Great sound quality and no one i spoke to claimed to hear any distortion. just didn't fit well with no possible adjusting available..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This was my first clamshell phone, and I like that aspect of the phone, but that's about it.  It seems to have worse reception than my previous phones (all Nokia bar type) in the same coverage areas.  The biggest issue is definitely the battery.  I am NOT a heavy cell phone user so I like to just leave the phone in my car or gym bag and not worry about it for a couple days.  This phone will drain in 8 hours to 36 hours - with MINIMAL USAGE.  I don't know why it drains so quickly or with what seems to be random speeds, but it is extremely frustrating.  Also, I am not thrilled with the intuitiveness (or lack thereof) of the menus, but I am sure I would have become familiar with them in time.  I won't have a chance on this phone since I am looking to return mine ASAP.CONS:POOR Battery LifeWorse reception than previously owned phonesNot comfortable to holdPROS:Looks goodCompact"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This charger is one of the fastest I have for my phone. Being a Micro B USB it will work with almost any smart phone. The spiral wound cord works well for the short distance in my car, but still is long enough for the chasm of my old Ford Truck as well. The only drawback that I've come across is that bright blue LED that can light up the whole car at night. It's very distracting while driving and I strongly suggest rotating the charger so the light is away from the driver's eyes."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I must agree with Gary Tuscon's review. For under $5, even though the smallest flat-head screwdriver in here is 1.4 mm (too large for the screws that hold the links on a Seiko women's watchband), the quality is such that I will keep them. The case is very good and labeled very clearly. The screwdrivers have a decent weight as well and the handles turn smoothy.If these came in smaller sizes, with tempered tips that smaller sized tools need to be strong, I would definitely consider them as well.If I had one minor nitpick, it would be that a color-coding of the handles would be a great help, but really, this is an excellent value for the price."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I tried this headphone in an office environment where we can make phone calls from our PCs.When listening to streaming music and news these headphones were great.  The sound quality had just the right mix of base and treble. The A2DP profile had no crackle and overall was flawless.My only problem with these headphones was in using the microphone.  Since it isn't on a boom it is omni-directional.  Often this lead to callers hearing my colleagues more than me, and issue with our phone software modifying volume levels automatically because it thought I was speaking.  Therefore, I wouldn't recommend this headphone if you need to use the mic anywhere that might be in the slightest bit noisy.  That said, the mic did pic up everything it could."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this to connect walkman type gadgets to my car stereo.  It worked well at first, but the wiring quickly started having problems.  The sound would cut out and I'd need to mess with the cable to find a position where the wires inside would be touching correctly again.  After 8 months, the wire is now completely detached from one of the plug ends.  Maybe the heat of my car played a role in the breakdown of the cable, but if that's how you're planning on use it, don't be surprised if it starts shorting out on you too."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Got this to replace a frayed OEM cord. The cord itself is ok ;however, the plug that looks like OEM and is stamped as such, is crap! Took 8 times longer to charge with this unit! When the cord was paired with the actual OEM plug in, it worked fine. So if you need a cord its ok; however, it is definitely not OEM and the plug is worthless. For the price and really just needing a cord it is a good value but I am very disappointed with the false markings as OEM when it is certainly not."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I would agree with the majority of the reviews. I purchased this for my car. I don't have the MP3 connection but do have a tape deck. And I wasn't thrilled with the quality of sound with the FM tuners (my brother has one for his car). There is a little bit of a clicking sound that appears once it starts playing, but with road nose and the general nose of the car, it is a non-issue...can't even hear it. The quality of the sound is not as good as if having a direct MP3 connection, but I consider it very good...(not sure it's even fair to compare). I use this primarily for audio books, and I am very happy with my purchase. I have not had to try the fix that some of the other reviewers had (something about needing to take out a pin on the inside of the cassette).I would definitely recommend!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This case has a perfect snug fit. I had first tried the Dzitronic case which was very good, and seemed to be slightly thicker, and felt slightly heavier, but offered great protection. This case is more convenient for daily use since it is lightweight, and offers good protection. Judging from the thickness of the Dzitronic case cover.. it might be a better protector in case of accidental drops, but this boxwave case is looks better, feels better, and has a better fit although it is thinner and lighter."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "My original review was \"best mobile charger I've owned\".  I even bought one for my girlfriend after she saw mine.  Now, in less than 3 months, both are failing.  It starts with a poor connection at the phone where you have to wiggle it or place it in a certain position to charge and devolves into not being able to charge at all.  Mine is a complete loss and hers is on the way out.  If I just had one and it failed I wouldn't give such a poor rating, but both failing together lets you know there is an inherent flaw in the design.  I've very disappointed because it was an excellent charger during the brief time it worked."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "We got this for my son to use on his job as he drives all day long.  He uses it for keeping in contact while on the road and the hands free operation is the only way to go.  The Bluetooth syncing and operation is very easy to set up and the connection is good.  The battery also has a good life and he needs it as some days are long ones for him.The sound quality is good and he can hear the caller clearly and we can hear him well.  The price we paid was a lot less that the $40 they are asking here.  I only mention this as he goes through Bluetooth ear pieces quite frequently from daily use, to breaking them to simply losing them.We gave him a really good stereo set that he uses at home and to listen books and music but he uses the lower priced ones while he is on the road.  This Jabra is reasonable quality and performance for the money."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Works as advertised.  It's a tacky pad that is non-adhesive and keeps stuff from sliding around on the dashboard.  Problem with the iPhone (4S) is that the back is a flat panel of Gorilla Glass and does not lift easily off the Sticky Pad.  Instead, it tends to lift the Sticky Pad off the dashboard by sticking itself to the back of the iPhone.  I'm sure the problem would be solved by using an iPhone cover, but then if I did I wouldn't need the Sticky Pad at all."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is by far the best headset I've used.  Both performance & comfort, I've not found anything better yet. If you're looking at any current Motorola headsets, stop now and look no further.  This unit worked equally well on both Moto Q & Samsung U740.Pros:1. in ear design(no hook) - I always hated having to wear a hook over your ear because It gets in the way when I wear my sunglasses2. I like the fact that it has a hard case for protection while not in use and it doubles as a charger base.3. probably one of the smallest and lightest I've use.Cons:1. Haven't really found any yet.** Make sure you don't buy the fake ones from ebay/else where.  With no tax/shipping, this amazon price is still one of the best price for this out there."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I love this headset for the money! I've been using it for a couple years now and I don't know how I ever lived without it. I have gotten my money's worth a hundred times over. I find it comfortable enough that I forget I'm even wearing it. I have some issues with clarity in a few spots, but if I hold my phone closer to the headset in the fuzzy spots, it's okay... and that's not in a lot of places, just happens once in a while. It's easy to pair with any phone too. I used to have a motorola and recently switched to a Samsung. It paired up with no problem. I recommend this product. It's a great place to start if you're looking for your first bluetooth."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm standing in a room with a TV blasting, just 10 feet away.  Talking to Hertz reservations - they tell me (a) my voice is the clearest one that they have heard all day and (b) they don't hear the TV at all.  I replace this unit with my old earphone.  \"Now your voice sounds muffled\", he said, \"and I hear that TV now loud and clear\".I have other stories like this.  Walking down a busy noisy street - the Etymonic makes my voice clear and there is no noise of traffic or wind.  My old earphone almost seems to exaggerate the background noise.I use the foam ear piece and it is very comfortable and stays in place.  I don't like the hard plastic ear pieces.Nice."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I ordered these because I was tired of bundling up all the different USB cables I use at my desk. Everything has its own USB cable, micro, mini, etc. We just purchased an IPOD and I thought I would try these. They seem to work well. They appear well made and not real flimsy. I have our IPOD in an Otterbox case, and the flap opening catches on one edge of the connector. I simply used my Dremel tool to grind the corner off the catching edge of the connector, and it fits fine now,. If you have your IPOD uncased, it should work just fine. This connector that goes into the IPOD does have some release catches on it. You need to squeeze a tiny button on each side to release the connection. I mention this because none of my other IPOD cables have any kind of latching system."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I hear lots of static, even before making a call.  I have Motorola H500 too, and that headset has no static with my phone (Verizon LG VX8300).  This H700 has LOTS of static.  Called Motorola tech support, and their best solution is to return and replace it.  As far as usability goes, this a great headset, over the ear is more comfortable than in ear and the fit is perfect - nice and snug.  I'd keep it without any doubt if it wasn't for static noise.  While I hear static, people on the other phone can hear me fine, just as good as when I'm using H500."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Like so many other reviewers, I had this Think Outside Stowaway \"collecting dust\" as I had bought it for an older phone.  I was actually looking on Amazon for a foldable keyboard and came across this and these reviews.  So I found my Stowaway (quicker than I thought I might!), did not load the software that came with it (as the instructions tell you to do), but just decided to see if it would sync with my Playbook.  First, of course, I had to put 2 AAA batteries in it and, VOILA, it worked!!!  I am a happy camper!!!  As another reviewer said, it is surprising that some other manufacturer hasn't continued this concept in folding keyboards."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The case is easy to use and hold securely to my belt or waistband. My phone is easy to put in and get out when I want it out, but remains secure when I don't need it.The only problem I had is with the belt clip.  It came to me with a fine leather covering over the belt clip.  The belt clip is very tight, and the second time I put it on my belt, the leather covering it tore and came off.  It really didn't affect the functioning at all, but I was annoyed that something I just purchased came apart on the second use."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "When I got it I was a little scared. It was my 1st bluetooth and it looked like something straight out of Star Trek. You have to be a little careful with the twisting earpiece since it's in a sliding ball inside and can slip out of the groove very easily if you change ears too much(which mine did on day three). The range is not as far as you would like it to be, but boy can it hold a charge. It'll outlast your cellphone battery everytime! And, the fit was pretty comfy behind the ear. The buttons are also very easy to use. Remember to speak up though...people tend to have a problem hearing you as well as you will be hearing them."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I did my research years ago when I purchased this off Amazon. It's been the best headset for all these years. It followed me through 2.5mm cell phones to 3.5mm cell phones with an adapter. Sadly, the other parties can no longer hear me with it. I even tried a new 2.5 to 3.5mm adapter with no luck. I'm looking for a new headset and there's NOTHING like this one. Shure had it right and I wish they still made it. Not everyone likes bluetooth where it's hard to hear and be heard. I can't believe there's nothing like this on the market anymore. Jabra all has bad reviews and I tried a Plantronics one and returned it. I'm mourning the loss of this headset and wish it'd magically work again."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use this product for skype calls.  I found it to be the most high quality (but expensive) wireless headset for VOIP uses. I use it on Windows Vista and Windows 7.  The headset lasts a long time (all day) without charging, and I can go from my computer outside the house and half way down the street and I still have clear calls.  The ear piece is not as comfortable as I'd like, but after you wear it a while I think your head adjusts to the shape.Software install was easy, and setup was pretty no-brainer.  It has other functionality and adjustments that I do not use and have not had to learn about.I use this brand also for a regular phone headset on my work phone and absolutely love it.  I've found very high quality calls and battery life on every Plantronics device I've ever used."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Very good value for the money. Phone is very nice looking, a little elegant and conservative I would say.The metal top gives it a little better look and feeling compared to the previous plain razor V3. I use it heavily for work and even so the battery charge is good for 2 or 3 days. Speakers sound nice for mp3 playing, the camera takes clear pictures and it is full of other little extras, however if you are a fan of advanced features and apps,then think twice.For me and for work this phone is perfect.The only thing that i don't like much is that the volume is not so loud, and if you are talking in a noisy place you may want it a little higher, and also be advised that this offer does not include the little memory card so you have to buy it separately.Delivery was very fast and so far I can say I am happy with this phone.If you want a day to day good looking phone I recommend you to get it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This headset would not stay in my ear no matter how hard I tried.  I like the fact that it is small, that it sounds OK, and that the person on the line could hear me OK (not great) But I could not figure out how to keep it in my ear without holding it, which defeats the purpose of having a headset!! I ordered 4 of them, they were about $3 apiece with shipping, and the first two are buzzy and could not be used.  I would not recommend this product. I went to an over the head headset by Jensen, and am VERY pleased!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The earpieces don't go as far into the ear as my etymotic earlpugs, so I have to use the wire hook it came with to stabalize it.  I wish the in-ear part gripped my ear a little better.  Also, the hook falls off easily when it's in my pocket.  I wish there was a more permanent way to attach it.  Also, there are some CRAZY big ear gels in there.  I have big ears (har har) and I use the smallest one.  WHOS ears are big enough for the large attachments?Having said that, the headset is a winner.  It's LOUD!  I actually have to turn it down.  Reception is good and it pairs with my L2 quickly and easily.  No problems hearing other people or them hearing me.Last thing... it pairs up with my Mac G4 no problems.  System sounds go through it and that's pretty cool!I give it a 4 out of 5."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "However I just did not enjoy the size of this behind the ear unit, found it to be too big. It is a little difficult at first learning how to slip this around your ear but after awhile it works out ok. Please note that you do not get to use your selected ring tone, it automaticly (Motorola hand set) defaults to its standard ring while the blue tooth is actively connected. You can turn the ear piece off then power on to answer in order to keep your fav ring tone. All in all it works very well, sound and loundness were very good. However, I just did not like the size of this unit. It is quite bulky.EDITJust picked up a HS850, now that is more to my liking, however I hope there will be no issues of a broken wire in the flip boom as the reviewer above mentioned."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Before I have this product, I have ordinary earphones for my Moto680 cellphone which has stero radio, also I have other moto blue tooth earphone, but this one is good, long time power supply but it is more heavier than the single ear bluetooth.Volumn control is good, loud enough. single ear BT is out of control some times, you may hear nothing when you walking on the busy street or windy days. This one give you all availability.drawback: 1. when phone call comes in, you will wait for longer time than single ear BT. 2. the size is big, can not put in your regualr pocket. 3. the pad easily drops, you may lose one of the two very soon. I used glue.Anyway, it is good one, you can talk to 2 hours meeting several times with one time full recharging.I love it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I was real hesitant to buy this battery. But for the price, and convenience of free shipping, I cant say that I regret it.The battery looks good, there is no wires or anything out of place, and for the price how could you go wrong? I had to replace an old V3 battery that I used for overseas trips and never had an issue. Battery lasted longer than my original when I first bought it. Plus if you are getting better battery life and way cheaper battery why would you complain. Anyways, hope this review helps anyone setting on the fence like myself."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I would like to start off by saying that this product is what I ordered and I have no complaints about shipping or the condition of the product when it came to my house, the problem I do have is the micro usb cable that comes with the charger. Why is it that all of the different companies that sell chargers on Amazon can get the plug part of the charger right but not the micro usb cord? The cord is cheap and not the original cord that comes with the other part of the charger. I am having the same issue with the charger that I ordered for my galaxy note 2. It's a very thin cord, and also very short. Maybe, a 2 21/2 foot cord? And its of a cheaper quality than the part of the charger that the micro usb plugs into..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I did take off a star in the rating because products like these are marketed in a slightly exaggerated way.There's nothing &#34;sticky&#34; about the product.  The pad is made of a specific material that is able to hold the objects in place while you're driving.  It's not perfect, but for the simple task of holding a cellphone, sunglasses, loose change, perhaps your EZ-Pass, it will do the trick.I place a camcorder there to film road trips, and for the most part, it stays put.  Like any other product of this type, if you off-road, drive over unpaved roads, or you intentionally drive abnormally, the contents of the pad may not stay put.Summary:  Just drive normally, and you won't have a problem."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It's been a few years now since I had this bluetooth headset, but out of the MANY that I've used, this was by far my favorite.  I could listen to streaming music with it from my phone and it stayed on my ear really well.  This is the only headset I've had where people could actually hear me all the time.  The sliding boom mic made a big difference.The downfall of this model, as other reviewers have also written, is that the rubber tips that hold the headset on your ear break off with time.  I used superglue and prolonged the life of mine for a while, but it was annoying."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Even though my Nokida model, 6126, was listed as working when this arrived I thought oh-man they shipped the wrong thing. Then I looked at the model number on the cable and it was the one I ordered. Then I thought oh man I ordered the wrong thing.Turns out it works even though all the connections do not seem to match, it is secure, and actually have a very high transfer rate. So if you get it out and it doesn't seem like it would fit, play with it until it snaps in and it probably will work for you if your model is listed."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This was the best Bluetooth I have owned because of performance and more importantly the fit. It was very comfortable on my ear and inside the ear, and I could keep it on for hours and not even remember it was there. Sound quality and features are excellent and worked as advertised. I have used with various phones. I used it every day for about 2 years until it started to break at the hinge. I used to just stuff it in my purse without a special case or protection, so I am not surprised it finally gave in. I see this product being sold for a lot of $$$ now, but I don't think I paid more than $40 for it. So it was a great deal and a great value. If I see it on sale again, I would buy it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "UPDATE: The display has failed completely on this product. While the buttons 'beep', the readout is blank. What a POS.  Now back to my initial review.I placed a 5000 BTU ceramic heater on this device to see actual usage. The device showed around 11 amps constant pull, but I left it plugged in overnight while the heater ran.  Several hours later when I checked the Kill A Watt again, it was warm, and its receptacle had deformed around the plug, making it impossible to remove.This device is supposed to have a NEMA-rated outlet capable of 15 A draw. This is what customers use a Kill-A-Watt for, to monitor real time use. Clearly this one could not handle prolonged use, and I wonder if I was sold a gray-market product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This case is works and is cheap so I am still giving it a few stars, but I feel it is a little bit of tricky advertising and the item is not as one would expect.When you scrutinize the description it does state \"Brushed Aluminum Back Cover\" which I took to mean the cover is aluminum.  What it truly means is that the case is clear plastic and a little brushed aluminum plate has been glued only to the back.  In the picture it appears the entire case is aluminum which is what I really wanted, but not so. The case is clear plastic all around the sides and only metal on back. I'm not sure what the purpose of making only the back aluminum except to keep it low cost, but as anyone purchasing this is probably expecting a metal case it is a let down over all.P.S. The case is slippery."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I just purchased this device, and use it with a Motorola V365 cell phone (AT&T). Although the quality of the sound may not equal that of your land line phone, or maybe even your cell phone under ideal conditions, it is excellent.  The people with whom I have spoken say that I sound fine, and I am pleased with how they sound. There is absolutely no issue with the volume. Based on my experience, I am comfortable saying that for the price,  you will be very happy with the Blue Ant."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use this with a regular land line phone.  You plug it in as directed on the instructions.  To use it you lift the handset and push a button on the earpiece to turn the earpiece on.  The sound quality is very good.  Microphone seems good, nobody has complained they cannot hear me.  Volume is adjustable.  There is really no detectable interference.  There is no head attachment so you must use this over the ear.  That would have been nice.  Sometimes in a hurry it is tricky to get it situated on your ear correctly."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Just got this on 6/5/2011 - Great automotive Bluetooth FM transmitter for Music and Speaker Phone for my iPhone 3G. Charged it fully right out of the box and then started using it. My unit came with the car cigarette lighter charger and literature.  I used a standard mini-USB power charger that I had and that worked fine.  Car charger also works well. Sound quality is great for both phone calls and for music through the car stereo. Tonal quality is fine on the stock stereos in my cars. For a more critical listening test, I set the FM transmitter for my Home Theater Surround System and the music sounds great on that also (good imaging and tonal quality). The unit appears to be durably constructed and should last."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Beautifully designed case.  It provides great TPU protection without adding bulk to the phone.  It fits great, nice and snug so you don't have to worry about it ever coming off on its own, while still able to remove if needed.  The color is stunning on the black phone, a nice deep jewel tone.  The sides provide nice grip, and I love the matte back.  The only issue is how difficult the power and volume buttons are to press, otherwise I would give it 5 stars.  I would buy more if it came in more colors."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the phone Cingular insurance replaced my Sony Ericsson W600i phone with.  Supposedly if they can't give you the same phone (which they couldn't because the W600i has been discontinued) they're supposed to replace it with something comparable.  There's about a $150 price difference between these two phones so I'm not sure how they figure these two are comparable but oh well.Cons: the speaker is way too quiet, the proprietary data cable is not included, the clear button is too close to the down arrow, and turning the volume up or down is annoying because it rings. I also have a glitch in my phone where it sometimes rings for no reason after adjusting the volume and the only way to get it to stop is to power off the phone.Pros: looks cool, slide function is fun, easy to use, stays locked, large display, lightweight, and slim.Bottom Line:  Would I buy it?  No."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "My wife and I each purchased V551s with our migration to Cingular 6 months ago. In that time (during which the phone was never dropped, bumped, etc), I've replaced my phone twice, and hers once. The problems we've had include:- random \"white screen of death\"- Bluetooth connectivity problems (isolated to phones)- dropped calls in perfect reception areas- random battery indications- the infamous \"Unable to Charge\" problemAdd to that Motorola's lousy phonebook and UI, and retarded Bluetooth handling (e.g., if any BT device is connected, the same Moto default ring sounds, regardless of sound profile or caller-specific ringtones), and you have an overpriced, overhyped, oversize paperweight.I'm fortunate Cingular offers my company's employees discounts on new phones, so that I can go back to Sony Ericsson. My old T616 gave me 2 years of perfect service, even after having been dropped twice. It's on its 2nd owner now, who has used it for 6 months problem-free."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really did not want anything bulky. I already hate the fact that a case on my slim Iphone makes it bulky. But I dare not go with out. So I really like that the magnet does not really add more bulk. I was able to use the thinner metal piece and it even works through my case (it is a soft silicone case) So this makes me very happy. Again I have a decorative case and really did not want to cover up the design, nor did I want to tape anything to my phone. So I stuck it to the inside of my case and it works great!  No more trying to place my phone in a holder to use the gps. Now I can simply place it on and go."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought these to replace my LG headset which kept dropping audio during phone calls.  The sound quality is very good.  It has a longer range than the LG. Overall very pleased.  The software that runs the headset is not as advanced as the LG, it doesn't announce the battery level and it can only be connected to one device at a time.  When it announces it is connected, if two of your devices have bluetooth on at the same time, you don't know which one it is connected to because it does not identify the unit it is connected to.Overall, though, I like them a lot.  The sound quality is very important to me and I wear them a lot when I am listening to programs on netflix and for my day-to-day phone use."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I really like the \"behind the ear\" headsets, they seem more comfortable to me so I decided to upgrade to the Jabra BT5020. I moved from the Jabra BT500 to the BT5020 and really like the BT5020.  I like the size and solid black color, it's very unassuming, never cared for the startrek look of the other headsets. The volume is loud and clear. The headset is very easy to wear for long periods of time because of it's light weight. It has GREAT talk and standby time and comes with a AC Adapter and a USB cable for charging, so you can have the AC Adapter at home and the USB cable at work or with your laptop for charging.I had a bit of trouble pairing it to my Treo 700Wx but got it working, it also paired fine with my wifes Motorola Razor and my kids Samsung U740.Great unit, good features and a good price!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This bluetooth headset is tiny compared to others I've researched. I purchased it for my daughter, and she loves it.  It paired easily with her Env2 Verizon phone.  I called her to test it and I could hear her clearly and she reports she can hear well on it too. There was no feedback noise or echo.  She reports that it is very comfortable, and she has been wearing it for long periods of time without a problem.  The standby time is 70 hours, so it doesn't have to be constantly charging. Great product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Installation was easy and the tool kit worked though the plastic tools are no the robust and will break if you tweak on them too much. The paper foil was coming off the battery when I open the package but folding back in place worked, once it's in the phone it is not an issue. So far the phone charges fast and the life is much better than the 2 year old battery it replaced. So far I would recommend this battery.Update: 4 weeks after installing this battery is would only last 5 hours and that was barely using the iPhone with NO voice calls at all during that time and no extra heavy use of the internet or anything. Drained it and charged from dead several times, made sure that location services, blue tooth, apps closed... all OFF and still drained. Got my money back and bought one for 1/2 the price and that one works great! Maybe I just got a defective battery.... A risk we all take when buying these 3rd party batteries."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I needed a BT headset for the longest time.....since I never used one and was getting worried that I may get busted one day.  I saw this on Gold Box and ordered it immediately for $15....how could you go wrong?It is intended for use primarily with a Blackberry Javelin (8900).  It paired quickly has held a charge for 2.5 days thus far (light-moderate usage).  My opinion is that it does what it should at its price point and I was not expecting a miracle.If you are looking for a BT set that has loads of noise canceling and voice detection..then this is not for you.  Look for a Jawbone by Aliph...The H500 is a model that has been around a long time and is perfect for my needs.  I just wish it were a bit louder and thus I am giving it a 4/5.Great value, great item."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Was skeptical that I would actually receive a $3 car charger for my iPhone4 that works, but it does! Plugged it in and it started charging immediately. The cord is long enough that it can be used while charging, but not so long that it gets in the way (if you are using any type of windshield/dash mount the cord may not be long enough depending on where your outlet is located). I rarely ever use a car charger as my iPhone sits in a charging cradle all day at work, so if it only lasts for a few charges, it's well worth $3."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this item to replace that generic Car charger that verizon sells to you as part of a bundle. Their bulky model is supposedly good for ALL micro usb phones yet it doesn't really secure in the slot very well.After receiving this Motorola adapter, not only does it seem to fit more securely for my phone. it even has a more illuminating status indicator to tell you if its charging/working or not. And given that my phone is a droid Motorola razr, you can literally feel how secure it is when charging vs the flimsy plastic junk verizon sells you.This item is well worth it for the price and purpose."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The ability to leave my MP3 music (cell phone) in my gym bag and get a serious workout without disruption is worth the price along. Being on call, it's also important that I don't miss any of those important phone calls. Getting interrupted with a voice announcement of who's calling makes it all worthwhile. After the first use I was hooked. All of my weekday workouts are with my bluetooth stereo headset. As for the weekends, I'm back to the Zune, not because I dislike the headphones, because I need to escape from the phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This device works great and is simple to use. I've had it for a week, and have tested almost every appliance and electronic device in the house - and there were LOTS of surprises. My only reservation is that the display is only visible when the device is plugged in so, in any location where you can't see the display, you typically need to plug it in again in elsewhere to view the result. The low-energy display it uses could easily be kept visible for a minute or two with a button battery, which would last for years in this application. I'm saving my last star for that feature!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It took me just a little time to get used to this headset but I do love it. I have to admit that for the price, it works really well. Sometimes, it loses connection even though the power is on and bluetooth is blinking blue light, but if you reset it, it reconnects. Sometimes, I have not heard calls come in so reliability for me has been around 95%. I am giving it 4 stars because for the price and comfort, it works quite well. Watch out for battery drainage on the cell so if not using, make sure to power off the bluetooth Power On to Off. It is a concern not to lose it - it's small and without wires. I left it in the Juice store but it was right there when I went back (lucky me)!I highly recommend it overall!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The price I paid for this package was good, but the cost of shipping negated the low price. I had seen lower price from other web retailer, $8 with free shipping. Most advertizements online include just one cable. This phone tool package has two cables, one for mini-USB and one for other non-mimi-USB phones. I guess the extra cable is worth a few dollars. The software does not have much on it, but you need it to manage your phone book on your cell phone and to make your own mp3 ring tones and upload to it. Other phone maker like Samsung, you can download similar utilities for free from their website."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'll never understand how one review can say this item works exactly as it should and how the next complains about it not working...for the EXACT same phone! I just don't get it. I decided to try it out despite the people that said it didn't work, and I'm glad I did. It's exactly what I expected and wanted. I actually bought 2 of these so I could leave one in my car and one at work. For only $4 and some change for the both...this was a GREAT buy for me and now I never have to worry about my Incredible running out of battery!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I highly recommend this case for the Samsung Galaxy Note.  I have the international unlocked version of the Note, and it fits perfectly.  It's durable and gives me the peace of mind that the phone isn't going to slip out of my hands.  I love the knurled edges that make it easy to grip. The case is also very slim, so you hardly know it's even there.  The case makes the power button harder to press, but I am getting used to it.  I have 3 different style USB cables, and none of them could seat entirely in the socket with this case (the cables would work and allow me to connect/charge my phone, but if you bumped anything, the cable would fall out). I ended up using a dremel rotary tool to slightly enlarge the opening in the case around the USB port, and now all of my cables seat properly.  These are minor quibbles, though.  I love this case."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use this hub with my Mac and it is great. I just plugged into my USB port on my MacBook Pro and have never had a problem with it. You can optionally power the device with the included AC Adapter, which lights up a bunch of green lights and one brilliant blue light at the top of the green lights. This blue light is extremely bright for its size and may need to be covered if you are sleeping in the same room with it. I have plenty of open slots for additional devices. If you are using this device vertically in the stand there is a front USB slot for you to attach your flash drive without any effort. Everything (at least with a Mac) is recognized and ready to go once it is plugged in. I would highly recommend this hub - you can't find anything as nice for the price that is powered."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I love the case and it came 2 days early but there is some gripes i have. first of all there is a strong chemical smell as if the case was just freshly stained and second I had to remove the back of my galaxy s3 phone in order to get it to fit in the new case. and ive had it and been using it for 3-4 hours now and the smell is all through my house. it makes my throat hurt and im coughing so im going to leave the case outside for a couple of days and see if the smell goes away. I hope it does because i really wanted to use that case.I will update in a few days. if anyone has any suggestions on how to make the smell go away please let me know.update: ok i left the case outside for 24 hours and it seems to be ok now. but i still have to remove the back of my phone for it to fit. my phone is the galaxy s3 SGH-I747"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The first one I got stopped working in about a month later, so Motorola replaced me with supposedly a newer one. New one continues to work but- person on the other side cannot hear correctly- lots of static like noises even when fully chargedFor the excellent customer service, I should give 5 stars to Motorola and 1 (or 0) star to this particular product.Update: After this, I tried Plantronics voyager 510 as a BT earpiece. This also had issues (while better than this Motorola T305), and so I gave up on bluetooth and went for wired in-ear Sennheiser headphones"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I absolutely LOVE this case! Its super thin, you can hardly feel it on the phone, the volume buttons are easy to access, and I the top and bottom cut outs are one of my favorite features. The only part I don't love is that scratches are easily accumulated and I toss my phone in my purse so I've already acquired quite a few.. But that's the way it does with any hard case. I got one to keep as a backup and I'm ordering one of the soft TPU cases today :)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The A630 is another ground-breaking handset design from Motorola.  It showcases the ingenuity of American engineering when you see the QWERTY keyboard hidden underneath on this lightweight (4 oz.) cell phone.  It's stylish, too, and has great reception -- that is, where T-Mobile has coverage at all.  Compared to the Sidekick II and many other T-Mobile phones, the A630 has the best signal-keeping capability, but T-Mobile just sucks big time, unless you live right next to one of their sporadic cell towers.  Worse, their GPRS (data) network is slow and congested.  While surfing the web on the A630 is really cool when the network is accessible, for most part of the day the network is slow and often inaccessible.  We really need the govt to step in and mandate that these cell companies upgrade their networks first before charging consumers an arm and a leg for data services."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Pros:- Love the adjustable dual position for the cord. Most players you need to insert the cassette sideways, but I had some players before that you need to insert the cassette lengthwise. You will never go wrong with this adapter as you can feed it to your cassette player both ways.- Does not look cheap. It looks more decent than other cassette adapters I have that costs 20$- The coiled cord is great and much less clutter.  I had a cassette adapter that has a cord that was too long, it got caught under the seat and the only way to remove it is to cut it.- Sounds good too with my Ipod.Cons:- The only thing I can think of is it still makes noticeable clicking sound while in the cassette.Bought this item twice already."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "With buying a $400 cell phone out of pocket I wasn't going to take any chances on it.  This pouch saved my phone's life!  I attached the pouch to my mountain bike with large rubberized bands (made for the purpose) that stretch and wrap around the bars and have loops on the end to stretch around the phone.I unexpectedly sank and tipped over in a small stream my phone and bike became caked in mud.  I washed off the case in a river and my phone was just fine on the inside.  This pouch has become coveted by fellow mountain bikers who do it without protection... on their phones."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "While fishing I'd used an identical but &#34;brand name&#34; dry pak that was loaned by a friend. The Kwik Tek is, as I said identical, but a good bit cheaper. Waterproof and mudproof protection for my iPhone that I've used fishing and working outside in damp, muddy conditions. Some padding provides additional protection from drops and bumps. Should float with most devices, especially if you leave some air inside. Except for the camera, phone and apps are fully functional although I prefer to remove it for talking. Lanyard provides a bit of extra security that I haven't yet needed but will when kayaking. Between uses to assure inside is totally dry, it is a good idea to prop open to air or drop in one of those silica packs. Guess you could get some protection from a baggie, but at this low price the Kwik Tek is cheap insurance for your phone and priceless data."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have bought many cases for many different cellphones and this is the first case that compelled me to write a review.  This is by far, THE best case I have ever had.  It fits so perfectly, you'd think that it was meant to be a second skin for the phone.  and the fact that it doesn't add a lot of bulk, but feels like it will protect very well makes it that much better.  This case is worth more than double or triple the price.  I wish they made this exact case for every phone.  It would be my go-to case.  Please make one for the HTC ONE!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have to say that this is a great phone and the Nextel service is great also.As for the review from the moron from Denver You need to have used it and the service before you open your mouth and make a fool of your self.People that review something and not have a clue just goes to show that stupid people should not breed.I have had the I90c,I95cl and the i730 and the 730 is great as for a alarm buy a clock if you need a alarm.The screen is a little smaller but the brilliant color makes up for it,the sound is as good as the other phones I have had.As for service I have had every carrier that is in the state of Colorado and Nextel is the best and for any one who is thinking of Verizon for push to talk well it sould be push to wait.If you want the best this phone and service is the best."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Great interface, but the pen is faulty. I have used the Palm and the pen is easy to use. The pen for the mda doesn't work sometimes and it's operation isn't smooth. The screen isn't very big which is a turn off for such a heavy and bulky tool.The email tool doesn't have an option to set business hours so you have it still downloading mail 24hrs, that wasn't good. i like my business tool silent when I am at home. And it is locked by T-mobile such that you can't install Java applications like Google maps.I returned it, for the weight it should give me the feel of an HP-IPAQ or mini-computer but I didn't get that feel at all."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought two of these, one for me and one for my girlfriend.  She likes going out without a purse or wallet, but would like to hold her ID and credit card on her, and she does manage to fit both cards in this case, but it is a very tight fit.I use my case to hold my ID card for work.  It is an RFID card that we use to badge in and out of the building.  I always have my phone on me and therefore, always have my work badge on me as well.  The case is very low profile and holds up pretty well.  It doesn't offer a ton of front or top/bottom protection, but if you're looking for a case to take out to the bar, or something to hold a credit card/id, this works great!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I cant say how yours is going to hold up but the one that I purchased did not hold up. The first day , the first time that I put this on my belt and went to sit in my car, it broke. The belt clip shattered into millions of pieces. The only thing that is of use and that is why I at least gave it 2 stars was the case itself. It is of the best that I have seen yet. High quality looks and feel.and the ergonomics are very good too. It just feels good. The problem is, that I wanted a holster with the case and if the clip breaking off is any indication to the rest of the quality on down the road than just get something else."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I got sick of xbox 360 microphones breaking, so I decided to buy this to see if it would work.Unfortunately it didn't work that well. I got sound and the microphone worked but I got a lot of feedback and echo. Worst of all it was supposed to block outside sound, but it didn't do this at all.I know that it was designed for xbox so I am not going to give it 1 star. I don't have a home phone so I haven't tried it for that."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "We bought the Plantronics HL10 Handset Lifter to go with ourPlantronics CS-55 Dect 6.0 Digital Wireless Office Headsetand have been very pleased with both devices. Using the handset lifter give you the ability to answer calls directly from the wireless headset, which is good if you spend a lot of time away from the physical phone to which the headset unit is connected.Setup was amazingly easy, just following the directions allowed us to get this installed in just a few minutes on our very inexpensive no-name speaker phone.Like our Plantronics Headset, this has passed the test of time and I would buy a new one if it failed today.Highly Recommended!CFH"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Boxwave has done it again. This case is a fantastic case. I just received it so a 4 star rating for now till I have had it for a week or so but for 1.50 there is no way you can go wrong. From past expericence with Boxwave I can tell you I will be updating to a 5 star rating. The  grip is perfect,the fitting is perfect, the holes for all the external plugs and features are alighned perfect and 1.50 cost, well you dont need to figure that one out. Already purchased a back up one."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Unless I can't find it (!) it would be great to have a battery level indicator on this device.  A micro USB connector version would be nice as well although the tiny Motorola Mini/Micro cable works.  I purchased this to work on my old Motorola phone but it also works on my new Android phone.Otherwise, this is small, sleek, lightweight and it does work.  The retractable connector takes a little fiddling with to keep it from sliding back into the charger - push the button forward and hold it while connecting to the phone - but once in it stays put."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had the worry that the headset would not work with my SamsungT619, since the latter is not on the compatibility list. On the other hand, I've heard that all bluetooth devices with same standard (i.e. version 1.2) should have no compatibility problem. It turned out to be absolutely smooth when connecting to my Samsung. The headset can flash and even vibrate when call's coming.The headset is amazingly light weight. You can't even imagine a lithium battery is sitting in such a leather-weight body that can hold on for 7 hours' talking.I spent $10 on this headset and couldn't be more happy."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Very satisfied with my purchase. The quality is good and the shipping is quick. The case provides enough friction to enable a good grip on the phone. TPU (the plastic material where the case is made of) virtually resists oil and dust. I used to have an Otter box for my other phone. The protection is excellent BUT the silicone attracts dust like crazy. The S-Style pattern at the back is more of a personal taste - some people like it but some other may not. To me it adds some flavor to an otherwise plain black case. The protection on all 4 sides on the front panel looks sufficient (anyone dare to slam your phone on the floor to test it out?). I wish the top margin (above the earphone) can wrap down by a few mm. Overall I feel my phone secured in the case."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Unfortunately, I purchased mine when it was $100 and have never been able to use it.  I didn't return it right away because I thought I would be able to read the directions that came with it and figure out how to unmute it, but have never been able to.  I can hear the other people, but they can't hear me.  No matter what I do, it won't unmute.  The buttons on it are very small and difficult to use when it's in your ear.  I finally got a different bluetooth that works just fine."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have an Android based phone, so I had to buyMotorola Mini-USB to Micro-USB Charger Adapterto go along with it. I know, the secondary item is cheap, so no biggie, right? Well, trust me...you will lose the adapter before you find yourself needing to use the portable charger. It's just human nature, right? We lose things. So yes, the charger works...but you'd better find a darn good spot to store the adapter, or the portable charger will be useless.Instead, might I suggest you purchaseMotorola Universal Dual-Charging Portable Power Pack - Black - Retail Packaging. It's not too much more expensive, and will be more likely to be useful to you in the event of an emergency."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this for my father who uses a Nexus 4. The case looks and feels really nice and generally works well. However, there is one significant problem - the inside leather leaves an oily residue on the phone when closed. Suede and leather do need to have some oil retained to keep them in good condition, and while this makes the material look and feel wonderful to the touch, it is a bit of a problem when it comes to these kinds of electronics. The genuine leather on the outside is nice, but I think a synthetic inner lining may be more appropriate for this type of thing."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I love this headset.  It's lightweight, easy to adjust for right or left ear, with clear sound on both talk and listen.  This headset sounds great when talking, unlike others that sound faint to the listener.  It's very clear to listen with, and comfortable due to it's lightweight design so one can leave it on for hours.  To switch ears, you simply pivot the ear bud and voila, it fits the other ear.  It has a mute and volume control, but I never use them since my phone has a mute button on it and the volume is adjusted the way I like it.I really like this headset and would buy again if I lost it.Plantronics MX505-X1 Windsmart Boom Headset with 2.5mm Plug (Black and Gray)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The Supertooth Light is an incredible product! It just works - easy to pair, automatic connection when I turn it on, good sound quality. The battery life is terrific. I charge every week or so, but it has never run out of power. I use it every day. Went on vacation recently without a charger - no worry, it never lost power. The magnetic mount is great - when you flip the visor down to block the sun, you can just slide the unit around to the other side of the visor and keep on talking. I have a Blueant Z9 (great product) but rarely use it any more! Let's hear it for those Aussies!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this bluetooth headset for two main reasons. First, it uses the same charger as both my Motorola Razr and RIM Blackberry 8700C. Secondly the device easily turns on and off each time you extend the microphone.I've used about 1/2 dozen other bluetooth headsets and this is one of my favorites.Here are my summarized pros and cons:PROS:-Uses the same charger as other Motorola RAZR phones-Open/Close microphone to turn headset on/off-Small, lightweight and easy to put on (one handed eve)CONS:-Only connects to one BT device at a time. I have both a RAZR and Blackberry that I carry with me everywhere. With these two devices I cannot have the H700 connect simultaneously (other Bluetooth products - notably the Plantronics) are able to connect simultaneously to two devices.I recommend this headset, and Amazon has the most competitive pricing available. Easily beating even the discount superstores where I'd seen this for 50% more."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Wow! I was surprised when I read the reviews on this product.  It is DEFINITELY made for people with smaller ears!  Other bulkier ear pieces have not fir very well but this one fits GREAT! Also, I noticed alot of first time users that were rating this product..I HAVED used both WIRED earpeices and now bluetooth. This one is MUCH BETTER than most about not picking up backround noise but when it DOES get to be a little much, simply turn DOWN the volume a little on your PHONE not on the blooth tooth.  Using that adjustment may give you a little better fine tuning for the device.  ALSO, many phones include a feature that allows the mic to ignore heavy backround noise.  I am an alltel user and many of my phones have had this feature.  The batter has been GREAT TOO!  I have owned this blue tooth device for over a year now, AND LOVE IT!!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased 3 of these cables because they were cheap and got good reviews.  I don't know how people are getting these cables to work... but out of the 3 I bought, 0 have functioned properly with my Palm Pre!  The best I can do is get it to charge, though the entire time it is charging the computer is complaining about \"Unknown Device\" and \"Could not install drivers\" even though it works beautifully with the original cable.  The only setting that works is \"Just Charge\"!  Each of the 3 cables fails slightly differently which makes me believe that each has a different flaw!  I've tried this with my Wife's Palm Pixi as well as used different computers and that failed as well.  Look elsewhere when attempting to purchase a cable for your Palm device!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I got this to use my 5g iPod with my BT-3030 BT adapter.I got this over the 125s because I can potentially use this with anything that has a 3.5mm jack. And the 125s looked a bit fragile.At least with my BT-3030 it works very well.  It doesn't have a lot of range (40 feet at most line of sight) but that's not my concern.Only downsides are no user replaceable battery and it only charges with USB.  It'd be nice if it doubled as a USB to BT dongle for the PC, but oh well.It's a lot smaller than I thought it'd be.  So small in fact that Jabra should consider making an iPod sleeve with a a120s pocket attached. (are you listening Jabra?)The other minor issue is that when it's fully charged, the power button/indicator LED changes green, but not always.  Sometimes it'll go green after an hour sometimes after 10.I'd recommend this to anyone wanting to use a simple universal BT transmitter."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I love this charger for my Sony z550a. I can charge my phone, and use the pass through to listen to MP3s playing from my phone on the car stereo.My only complain is the bright green LED that is on the end of the charger (to show that it's plugged in). At night, this LED lights up the car's cabin and since my power is on the console, it shines directly in my eyes. I've had to place a small piece of black electrical tape over the light to dim it. Standard hole-punch made a perfect circle shaped mask."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This unit replaced a Motorola HS850 conscripted by my wife :-)It's better than the HS850 in the following ways:1) People hear me better.  Mic is really good.2) When the unit fits properly, audio amplification is betterIt's worse than the HS850 in that:1) it doesn't fit as well.  I find myself readjusting it throughout the day2) It doesn't synchronize instantaneously with my MPX220 like the HS850 did.  It always syncs eventually (15-60 seconds).Battery life is a tie.  Both are OK, but not as long as I would like (I've had to recharge mid-day a few times.  1-1.5 hours of talk appears to be the limit)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this originally for my Sprint Evo 3D.  It does exactly what it should, and feels like a quality product.  I originally bought an el cheapo cigarette lighter charger online, and it fell apart after 5 months of light use.  This one feels much more sturdy than any I have ever owned.  Also, at night, gives a cool blue effect from the lighted up part.  It's not really bright, so it won't affect your driving/blind you at night.  The cable is very long, so you don't have to worry about it being too short.  Great product.  I recently purchased the Sprint Samsung Galaxy S3 and it works perfectly with it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this case because of the descriptions and the price. I have a white HTC One and it really looked good on it and didn't add much bulk or weight to the phone. I tried to take it 1 step too far and remove the plastic back to make it a bumper (since that was I was looking for anyway) but it's not firm enough to be a bumper. If you're happy with the looks and don't destroy it like I did, you'll live this one. I'm still using it as a bumper but did order the clear version of this same make/model."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had this unit for about a year, it acts as an ear plug on the ear I'm wearing it on, and I can hear my caller even in strong winds. The audio quality is great. Since the microphone sits directly in front of my mouth the caller can hear me just fine and many times they don't know I am in the car. Since it's a wired unit, there are no batteries to charge and it's always ready to go. If you don't mind things in your ear this is a great head set.Update: Moved to an I-Phone from my Palm phone. I had to get a 2.5mm adapter to 3.5, The phone does not see the headset most of the time and won't route calls to it. Same with Blackberry Curve. I hope sure will make a new model for these phones, I miss using it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I recently bought a new cell phone (Sony Ericsson Z520a) with Bluetooth. I spent a few days researching the various headsets out there, and soon discovered that only a handful appeared to be worth buying -- and all were between $100 and $150, which I did not want to spend. I came across these by accident, and couldn't find any of the negative comments common with headsets in this price range. Granted they're only Bluetooth v1.2, but they're light, have a built-in rechargable battery, are quite comfortable to wear, and have very good sound quality. In addition, the pairing process is quite simple.If your priorities are quality sound, comfort, built-in battery, and reasonable price, these will be hard to beat. I like it so much I bought a second one for my wife."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This case is mega study. I bought this because I go kayaking with my dad.The case is big enough to fit my IPhone and IPod in their perfectly (with their protective cases), without them moving around in there.Length wise, for just storing those 2 items it's a bit big, but at the same time its not big enough for me to squeeze my wallet in there as well.Size wise, I would have preferred a little smaller to perfectly fit the phones, or a bit longer to fit something else in there as well.That's my fault though. You can read about the sizes but I never seem to picture it right until I have the product sitting right in front of me.But it gets the job done. I recommend."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I am replacing this headset (It replaced an Explorer 320) with a 510 because I am sick and tired of swivel earhooks getting loose and falling off-which is apparently NOT a warranty issue according to Plantronics. Their recommendation? Replace the headset. I ordered my 510 tonight-can't wait to replace this one. Note-it drops calls frequently, which I know is a cell-phone company issue because it happens with the phone too. But the swivel earpieces are ridiculous. I could have bought a 520 for $2 more but chose not to because of the SWIVEL!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm really enjoying my new Kill A Watt monitor because for the first time I can see exactly where and how I'm utilizing power in my house and make a direct correlation back to my monthly bill. The monitor is very easy to setup as well as to move from outlet to outlet in the house. The only thing that's a little bit of a pain is that for some reason it's very difficult to unplug a plug from it. These really should be given out for free from all power companies because it's such an invaluable tool. Now I know exactly what I need to do in order to bring down my power bill. Love it!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had a Samsung X427 before this and it was awful. Dropped calls, poor reception, wouldn't hold a charge. This phone changed my opinion completely. It does everything I need and then some, and the camera/video is a bonus. The only downside and the difference between 4 & 5 stars was that it did not behave well with my Jabra EarWrap-the remote button did not work-and the speakerphone is a joke. But speakerphone is not really what I needed, it was reliability and function.Really a far step forward-I recommend it for anyone needing a reliable phone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I needed a 5 Volt DC power supply that could be powered from a 12 Volt battery or other 12 V DC power source. This fit the bill nicely and inexpensively. Clipped the connector off and used my own connector and off to the races it went. My DVM measured 4.99 V loaded at 600 mA and 5.01 Volts unloaded so I am pleased as punch. Plus the temperature rise is only a few degrees indicating good efficiency. Interesting packaging with the Motorola logo lit with a blue led. Might mention the two leads inside the insulated wire (one red, other black) are stranded wire of about 20 guage so I can see how flexing the cable at the connector when attached to a device in an auto might cause an intermittent break. A little duct tape or heat shrink tubing at the connector might not look pretty but should keep the wire from stressing."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This headset seems to work fine, but the audio quality is nothing to write home about, to the person on the other end of the line you will sound soft and like you are talking on a speakerphone. They will also hear a lot of background noise. I am much happier with the Cardo Scala 500 Bluetooth headset. It has much better audio quality and even comes with more stuff for about the same price.And, you may not really *need* a wireless bluetooth headset because you can just use a wired one or use your speakerphone. But I admit that it's sort of cool to be totally wireless-you can put the phone in your pocket or purse and be totally unencumbered by wires, which feels a bit safer and freer, especially while driving or when you have to work with both hands and talk at the same time for example.A note about the battery-do not store this unit (or your phone) in a hot car! Heat damages batteries and shortens their lifespan."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I needed a self powered USB 2 hub for my iMAC, and selected the CyberPower.It works as advertised and comes with its own plug-in power supply.  I can leave my Palm TX hooked to it even when the computer is off and it will charge it.  The only drawback is that the thing is loaded with eight LED's and they stay on whenever it's powered either by the computer or by its own power source.  If you have the thing in your sleeping area and are light sensitive, you'd have to unplug it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This one does the job, and rapidly charges your devices.  I bought two of these for the same vehicle - one for the front seat riders and another for the backseat drivers.Why, you might ask?  Well, my wife and I often need to charge at the same time, and you can do this with the dual USB input functionality.  That takes care of the front seat.  The one for the back seat is for the kids - if you've ever had kids arguing over the one adapter plug for the back seat (if you have one available), go ahead and get this one and let them both charge at the same time.  Trust me, it will be money well spent and make your drives a little more enjoyable!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Overall this headset is one of the best I have owned, and I own quite a few.  I have 3 different Jabras, a motorola, another plantronics, and various other off brands.  This headset is clear and since it fits directly in the ear, more than loud enough.  Pairing is a snap.  I am currently using it with my new Samsung a990.The only gripe, which isn't really anything serious is this. I wear the headset in my right ear.  While driving at night, the blinking of the device is extremely bright.  You can see it through the cabin of the vehicle."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Wasn't sure what to expect with this, but it works flawlessly and it is very easy to use, as well as very portable.  Probably my only complaints are that you do have to read the manual very carefully to understand the various colors and blinks of the lights, but once you know your way around it - the device just works.  Callers cannot tell you are on a bluetooth and you can hear the callers very clearly.  It has exceeded my expectations.  Plan to get another one for our second car now."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I had to write in and contradict the review saying you can only use this on your right ear.  the instructions show you how to switch it, and you can even switch the volume control from the bottom to the top, so it is on the top regardless of which ear you use it on. NOTE: if you want a Y splitter for car or home charging for this, you have to use model P000, not the one that comes up on a search, because you need a splitter with 2 mini-USBs (one for your phone, one for the headset). Only had it one day, so can't comment on the other issues."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've used this for a couple of years as a back-up charger for my Kindle or for some of the phones in my family.  I haven't had much luck charging my iPhone with it, but the rest of the phones did OK.  It's perfect for my Kindle though.As some other reviewers pointed out, it sticks straight out of the device that it's charging.  So it isn't very practical to use the device and charge it at the same time.  But if you're stuck in an airport and need to charge something before a flight, it sure beats not having any charge at all.I assume they designed it that way because it's a more efficient use of battery power than a longer cable would have been.  Just a guess...I don't leave home without mine though.  It's in my emergency cable pouch that I always take wherever I go.  I just have to remember to replace the batteries from time to time."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I was excited to rip the package open to put my trusted Otterbox on my new galaxy s5. Frankly, that's where the excitement stops. The plastic two piece holder which you place your phone in doesn't connect tightly, feels real loose over the phone before placing it in the rubber outside protection price. Once inside the remaining rubber piece the volume buttons don't line up properly nor does the power button. The strip at the bottom of the case that's right below the home button is to high basically making you disable the fingerprint scanning portion  of the phone. I believe Otterbox released this case just a little to soon before working the bugs out. I'm using the pelican brand case until Otterbox works the kinks out."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I just purchased the Treo 650 with AllTel (not specified here on Amazon) and have loved it.  It took me a couple days to get used to the feel of the bulkier PDA phone compared to my smaller LG, but once I got into it, I love it.  The only complaints I would have are that it does not come with a docking station (must be purchased separately) and the only way to make it a \"great\" phone from a \"good\" phone is to add close to $100 worth of various 3rd party software.  While it's a lot of money to bring it up to speed, the flexibility and having options are nice.  Nothing's perfect, but so far, so good (and AllTel has a 30day money back guarantee or exchange deal, so nothing's lost here)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "We have tried everything from the moto-850 to the other plantronics and after seeing this in a gold box deal thought what the heck.  To my amazement it has been really a fantastic headset. Easy to pair, easy to adjust volume, great battery life, very clear even with wind noise and city sounds around, and last but not least it has an indicator light that does not look like an emergency strobe (I hated my mot-850 for that at night it would reflect off the glass and the dash in the car or the side window and drive you insane...)All and all a 5 star unit"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The only thing that I can add to the the reviews already posted on this device is my own experiences - we ordered 2 of the 'bulk packaged' bundles which include the headset and the charger.Positives:- No earbud going into the ear - this is a BIG positive because I can't stand those and, apparently they are not good for you.- Quick charging.- Easy to pair - in my case with a Razr and a Blackberry.- Easy to turn on/off, by simply folding/unfolding the microphone boom.- Pretty good instructions.Negatives:- My wife complains that the sound quality is not always perfect.- Being as small as it is, perhaps some carrying pouch should have been included.At this time, my wife decided to keep hers but she will give the second one to her girlfriend as a birthday present :)"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This comes with 4 flats and 2 philips. I believe they are also metric in sizes. I used one to take a part a netbook. I like the fact that they spin, come in a plastic kit. They are reasonably priced. These items are high quality. Handles are small and can be hard to loosen a screw if torqued down. I used them for a laptop not as a jeweler so... Nice case, nice color, small area, ... Comes in a card board cover as well. Packaged and more packaged. A little over doing it there. Can't be at times a little difficult to open the plastic case. Was going push up or down. Comes with different sizes. Some of the flats seemed a little thick in the blade. Not a bad item for the price. Always good to have a set of these around for glasses/sunglasses or for other items with small screws."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I just love this bluetooth headset. It was so easy to pair up with my new Sidekick 3. I did not have to do anything except charge the headset and then turn it on. Thanks again Amazon.com for providing me another great product at such a great price. The sound quality is outstanding. People on the other end just know that I am talking on a landline phone until I tell them that I am on a Bluetooth wireless headset and they are astounded. I highly recommend this headset to anyone looking for a brilliant headset at an excellent price. The Motorola HS 820 is the bomb!!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I know it's only  $4.50, but this is a piece of garbage that is so outdated (made in 2007) that it should be in a museum.  First, it comes with no tips.  When I ordered it, I thought it would have something other than the base unit.  I haven't used it because I refuse to invest more money in this...it is so old that it probably won't work with my Galaxy S3 and if it does, it would probably not be able to power it much.I bought it out of desperation when Hurricane Sandy hit.  I regret buying this and wasting my money.....  P U R E  --  G A R B A G E!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the best device holder I've purchased! It has incredible hold for as much weight as the magnet will support. Having the holder come loose from whatever you stuck it to just isnt going to happen. I've had mine in my car for months and it hasnt budged. I have put many devices on the magnet and they all stay strong. The only complaint is the oval shaped metal piece is gold. It would be better for it to have been black. The smaller metal piece is significantly thicker than the oval shaped one and I wished it was a little thinner as well."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I would be quite content with summary like that...This thing has a few months of track record by now. I am happy, in the dark it makes finding the cord really easy because of that big blue illuminated eye... I have had so many crappy chargers I bought 2 different ones at the same time in case it dies prematurely, have not even tried the other one yet. It also fits snugly in the phone socket, and the backside of the plug is labelled with a shiny sticker, so you are not trying to force it the wrong way, eventually killing one or both of them... Little thing like that... need to appreciate the thought - because every day it makes your life easier..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I hate this phone...I was drawn to it by it's appearance and size but what a horrible dissapointment.  I had to get motorola mobile tools and 'hack' the volume so I could hear it - the loudest default setting is just too low. The display is impossible to see outside in bright light, I detest it that it has such a poor means of displaying missed calls, if the same caller has attempted to reach you multiple times, it displays the last call time only. I just returned this phone for a replacement because of dust under the display screen, I was told that it is a 'known' issue, but that my replacement phones warranty will expire this month at the same time as the original that I purchased."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Not bad, I had one of the knock off brands of this, Chicago Tools one from Harbor Freight and this was about the same in accuracy except it obviously has all the features of storing all the data on how much total electricity that devic you plugged in used and estimated cost based on the cost per KW you enter in.  Pretty nice device, yes it sucks that the outlets get taken up when you plug it in, but its not like you need it on there for ages, you just need to see for a short period of time how much power that particular device is using and then take it off.  Since purchasing this, I now have a whole house monitoring system (TED 5000) and love it.  I use this now to monitor any single device on demand when I need to."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the second Scala 700 set that I've owned. The first one developed a crack right on the seam after less than a year of use (I didn't drop it). I tried super glue but the glue may have gotten into the circuitry because the microphone stopped working.Overall, the headset feels flimsy and if you grip it too tightly, it will crack. However, we all want a lightweight headset...so maybe I shouldn't complain. The Scala picks up all outgoing calls automatically after you dial the # on your cell phone. However, you have to press the button on the Scala after picking up incoming calls. This results in a 2-3 second delay...an eternity if you've got another person on the line saying \"hello? hello?\".It's got its drawbacks but it's the only headset that works consistently with my Treo 650."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I just got it in the mail and I saw the reviews and figured &#34;I'll just reinforce the stitches with a needle and thread when it arrives.&#34; but an examination of it revealed that it's pretty durable. The stitching looks just fine and honestlyI don't see how it's going to come undone after a couple days. On a side note, there are two belt holster options. vertically and horizontally. The verticle holster is under the clip (which felt pretty durable) and then under that is the horizontal one.Maybe I'll end up being wrong, but I have heavy duty needles so I'll just use that to reinforce the stitching if need be. Or I'll be lazy and glue it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had 3 headsets already, and each one had something about it that I didn't like. I hesitated to buy this one, despite the great reviews, because I wanted one that didn't give me the 'telemarketer' look. Top things I was looking for were: sound quality, comfort, and battery life. This unit delivers on all 3 counts. It sounds fantastic, it's really comfortable (especially with the Jabra EarGels on the ear piece), and the battery lasts a long time. Looking back, this is the one that I should have bought in the first place. Recommended."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like the \"in the ear\" approach. It's extremely comfortable. You have several options as far as finding a comfortable fit. It comes with a portable charger, which is a prelude to things to come.I could hear any caller without problems but in noisy environments they couldn't hear me. In a quite environment it worked very well. The battery is terrible. Their listing is \"up to 3 hours\". There's no way you can get that much talk time out of this. I heard allot of static. I couldn't wear my phone in the holster because of that.I'm a frequent business traveler and it doesn't work well for my needs. However, it does have some positive traits. The main two problems are extraneous noise problem and poor battery life. So if you're not in a loud area or heavy user it's a great headset."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased these about 8 weeks ago for use at work.  So far, here's my experience:+ Positives ++ Loooooooong battery life+ Comfortable enough to wear 6+ hours at a time+ Good sound quality+ Easy controls for volume, etc+ Around $30.  One of the cheapest I've found for bluetooth headset+ Noise cancellation works...if you have music going (why have them on if you don't!)- Negatives -- Wall charger that came with them was a MICRO usb charger, not the MINI usb charger that it requires.  However, I had plenty of mini usb cables, which I used to charge them with from my PCOverall, these bluetooth headphones are and excellent value - would definitely recommend...especiall for the $30.Final note, these do not come \"packaged.\"  They arrive in your box inside of a plastic bag with the wall charger (probably the wrong type), the headphones, and the \"manual\"."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset is perfect in reception and transmission.- Ear piece & MicrophoneThe reception on the ear piece is clear and loud. The microphone works flawlessly to faithfully relay your voice to the receiving end without little or no distortion or muffles.- Bluetooth FunctionThe bluetooth provides rock-solid connectivity. I've never had problems with broken or sporadic connection problems.- FormThe ear piece is comfortable. It take some effort, however, to put on the headphone. It is a somewhat awkward maneuver that involves the use of both hands to pull the \"loop\" open so it can go around the back of your ear while simultaneously wrestling with the ear piece to direct it into your ear.The Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset functions flawlessly. However, I found that the design of the headset makes it an inconvenience to put on. Apart from the flawed ergonomics, this headset is just about perfect - 4.5 Stars!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Even though I am not a fan of cases I still try them to see what are good and if I can come to keeping one....my preference still says no to cases but that's a gamble I take again, since dropping my S4 before andresulted in my screen breaking...that could of been avoided if i had a case on it.Slowly my trust and confidence in not dropping my phone has gone back up...but I'm taking risks and youshould protect yourself from having a broken or damaged phone.The case is pretty much all clear except the back is a matt white finish. Gives it a bit of a cool edge to it.The case is a bit too snug and a bit molded fatter on some parts of the trimming but the entire phoneis covered fine with the case. If I dropped it, I believe it will be saved but every drop is risky regardless..."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Given the other reviews here, decided that getting two batteries would be smart due to the freshness issue, in case the first one didn't last as long.  (My original battery was worn out.)  It's been a couple months now and the first battery is still going strong where before I needed to have the charger with me to finish my calls.  Price was a major factor here compared to retail and I wanted to wait a few months before considering a new phone.  The much lower price made this plan easier, giving me plenty of time to consider the next generation of Razr.  And if these batteries quickly died in the short-term then I didn't lose that much in the deal."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my second charger like this (lost my first one... then found it the day this new replacement charger came in... figures).  Both have worked well with a Moto Droid X and Moto Droid Razr Maxx.  It charges just fine, at about the same rate as the OEM stock charger, so I assume it is around a 1A charger (probably just below 1A).  I don't care for the length of this thing; however, it's worked better than other chargers I've had."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my first blackberry.  How I got along without it all this time I have no idea.  Earpiece quality sounds great, speaker phone sounds great, microphone sounds great.  The overall layout is quite genius.  I love all the programmable features and the bluetooth accessories are a must.  Web browsing with EDGE technology is surprisingly fast.  If you text message often as I do, the keyboard and the \"auto-text\" features are amazing.  I literally send text messages 10 times faster than I used to.  If you live by email as I do, (90% of my clients orders are placed through email), receiving them instantly is so important.  No more running back to the office or home to check for orders.  I highly recommend this product."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It's 2nd headset I had.  I used to have Moto HS850.  WEP200 is better as far as connection; way to operate it.  Easy to carry it around.  It doesn't solid stay in my ear even I used the largest loop. So I won't always put it in my ear, only when there is a call. The voice is clear in in-door or inside the car with windows up.  Noise cancelling is not as good as HS850.  When I walk on the street in a little windy climate, the other party start complaining the noise.  This is what Samsung needs to find the way to improve it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I just got mine after reading several reviews on this model.  The biggest and only complaint is the range.  You DO NOT get 25 feet range and to be honest you have to hold the phone on the same side as your bluetooth just so you don't get static.  I found there is no perfect bluetooth and their very expensive so this is okay if the range is the only problem I have I keep it in my pocket anyway.  My calls are clear, but I must add sometimes the phone disconnects from the bluetooth and I am answering my phone saying hello not realizing this."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a usb wireless headset. just plug it in to your mac or pc and it sees it as another sound device , no drivers needed (xp or os x) I tested it with Skype on the mac and teamspeak on my pc . It comes with a sound api for windows for skype and a few others that allow the buttons on the phone to pickup or hangup calls , I did not try it out because I just like to use apps as is without special add ons ...The range is great , so if you skype and dont want to be tied to your pc then plug this bad boy in and your free to walk all over the house , same goes for teamspeak for the gamers out there.It was so pleasing for something to just work out of the box for a change! I tried for hours to do the same thing using bluetooth and it was a mess... This thing just works!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this Bluetooth as a back-up for my pretty pink Motorola H500. Therefore, I placed it in the drawer until I needed a replacement, and last night i needed it. I plugged it up for a couple of hours and tried to pair it to my new phone and it did not work. I then charged it overnight and again tried to pair it and nothing (not one indicator light). I plugged the blue-tooth back into to the charger, it had a steady blue light and i tried pairing it to my phone while it was on the charger and it worked; unfortunately, i can not walk around with a charger and outlet attached to my head. Consequently, this was a lemon and due to the months passed from my internet purchase, i am unable to return it or exchange.Therefore, the moral of the story is to test everything you purchase from the internet. I learned a valuable lesson."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "nice fit and slimmer than most other cases. does provide a bit of protection to face-on falls and to corners. I like the frosted back look and the rigidity of the case. Much better than simple silicone ones.  It doesn't provide that much fall protection though and might not be worth the increased width since any impact will transfer through the corners to the phone.PROSCutouts fit well.Good shape to screen border so doesn't reduce touch areaComfortable and grippy to hold.CONSSeem from mfg. is sharp and annoying, I sanded it down and it's much betterNot great fall protectionPower and volume buttons harder to press (this might be a pro too though)Collects dirt like a hoover"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Well, it's a good little bluetooth for the money.. I've only had a couple times when it's cut out on me and not worked right, but 3/4 of the time it works beautifully and people don't even know I'm on it! I think the times that I did cut out was because I was too close to metallic objects.. pipes and things.. so.. that sounds like a good excuse..eh?Works good for me, and is cute and small, fits like a dream, good battery life.. all in all is a good bluetooth."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It is exactly the size of a USB memory stick with a lanyard attached. Read, small, very small. The USB cap is attached to the charging wire, an excellent design.Oh does it work perfectly. Combine this with anAPC UPB10 Mobile Power Pack for charging mobile devicesbattery, and you've got one heck of a charging device.Yes this thing is way too expensive. But darn it, I'm charing my very expensive Nokia phone with it (N95).Nokia N95-3 Silver/Bronze Phone (Unlocked) North American VersionHappy I bought this. The Amazon seller - Antonline - not exactly a speedy rabbit.Now I have to figure out how not to lose this device."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This was a very nice bluetooth headset until I lost it. since it so small, I tuck it away and now I can't find it ;(. anyways, I had 2 great headset by Plantronics and samsung. both are very good, but if I had to choose, I would choose Samsung for it connects to my phone without too much hassle compare to plantronics 510 voyager, where I had to constantly reset my phone to get connect it. on the other hand Plantronics Voyager 510 voice is far superior to Samsungs (IMO)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This works and it comes with the hardware to mount it somewhere so it won't slide around. As an extension and socket splitter it is OK.However they missed an essential trick on the USB power supply. If a device wants a smart USB powered device like an iPhone or iPod to see it as a high power source, and not as a data connection, it needs to short the data interface pins with a resistor not more than 200k ohms. That is in the USB spec. You can tell this hasn't been done because when you plug in an Android phone it asks if you want to mount as a media device or a hard drive.So if you are looking for a neat way to power and charge a modern smart device then this isn't it. For the 2c it would cost them for the resistors the manufacturers really should have done this. I may even try it myself since it looks like there is room to work in there and I have an electronics lab to play in."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've heard great things about this, so I tried it. Everything is great about it, except two things that made me want to return it.First, there is a little bit of crackling once my phone is across my body on my hip, and that is annoying to me because I've had some that never do that. I've noticed that Plantronics and Jabra tend to have this issue regularly with their headsets. The other thing is that it is bulky, and I prefer something a little more pettite.It does have good battery life and noise cancellation. So, it's a matter of preference when it comes to the things I disliked about it!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Samsung Note 2 lets face it is a large phone... Howeva I am all about putting it in nice cases. This case hits a stars. Has a credit/ID slots and a money slot - Love that - so I don't have to carry a purse. Plus the strap is nice to have on wrist while on the phone (you know how crazy people are now a days running by snatching phones, extra secure). Best parts phone is secure in case holder when flip case over open. There is an appropriate hole in the back of case for the S-pen removal. Also the phone button closes versus most magnetic closure cases out here.Only con: No Speaker hole in front to close case while talking on phone.Howeva regardless -- highly recommend. Might get another in another color."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I use these paired with the nike+ system and my iPhone.  I bought three other pairs of \"workout\" headphones.  The wires were a problem when I ran or the ear clamps didn't hold.  None were a good solution.  I was opposed to paying this much for headphones but decided to give them a shot.  Wow, best $60 I ever spent.  They work great, fit very well, don't fall off when I run several miles, and double as a bluetooth headset - yes, you can answer a call while running.  I just couldn't be happier with the purchase.  Well, if I could find a hard case for them when I travel I might be a wee bit happier, but a terrific product nonetheless."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had this charger for over a year, it gets very light use and it stopped working. What happens is the microUSB connector doesn't make good contact and we have to wiggle and finagle the cable to get it to work and even then it only works for a few seconds, until you hit a bump and the cable vibrates and loses its connection. I've had the same issue with mini usb to micro usb adapters from Motorola - bought half a dozen of them and none of them work reliably. I won't buy a motorolla micro usb connector again. The media bridge cables are the best, they feel like they click in when you connect them, very solid. Motorola? Not so much."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The YX510 dual band repeater works well. I bought it mainly for a Verizon broadband USB modem that was only getting at best 2 bars and sometimes none. As soon as I hooked up the zboost (with the signal antenna at the roof peak), I went to 5 bars. I was getting RSSI of -100 and up and that went to -65 so I am getting a good signal to the USB modem now. I went from download/upload speeds of 100/75 to 650/250. I have the zboost sitting right beside the laptop so I cannot speak for range. I haven't tried it with my cell phone but its bars went up, too. It is a tad pricey, but it makes broadband possible for me whereas my only other choice would have been Hughes Net satellite which isn't getting such great reviews from users and is not portable at all."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This headset fit great in my ear, its look is very cool, but a few flaws:1. Volume buttons are not easy to reach once the unit is fitted in your ear.2. Using it in windy conditions may get you in an uncomfortable conversation (hello?... are you there? It feels like you're within a hurricane...), and I don't mean only outdoors, you maybe inside your car with the A/C on and if it's blowing right at your face, you'll get this kind of problem"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've really enjoyed being able to listen to music wires-free. The padding on them makes them very comfortable, something my other headphones lack on the part that goes over the head. And it's great to be able to control volume, pause/play, and skip through songs right from the headphones.The pairing has been a bit confusing for me, though. I've had some trouble trying to get it into paring mode. It's had to figure out what mode it's in from the blinking light. I haven't been able to get it to pair with both my phone and my iPod's adapter. Either one of those works, though.I haven't tested out the battery life in full, but it's lasted through 2 hours without having a problem.It would also be nice to be able to use them while they are charging."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Plug this in. Sometimes it connects; sometimes it doesn't.I hear callers just fine, but they ask if I am in the bathroom when I wear this.If I leave it plugged into the earphone jack of my phone, it somehow manages to turn my phone off after a few minutes of non-use.I would send it back, but my total cost was only $3.My phone is an older Motorola v365, and I'm sticking with to my BluetoothPlantronics 510 [Retail Packaging]. Maybe this can be an emergency backup."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I love these because they have done an excellent job of protecting my phone screens on ALL my phones! What's great about these is they have line and numbers, a grid that's formed to help you make a better, smarter cut for your mobile's screen. I even give these as gifts because people don't realize how much you touch your screen. It needs to be protectedThese are the best and I will continue to use these and search for larger sizes. These are the ones that should be on everyone's list. Great stocking stuffers as well!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I picked this one based on the reviews.  It seemed like it had the best reviews for the price.  And yes, it works, and it works great.The back has a protection sheet to keep it clean for mounting on a dashboard.  But it's not glue-based, even on the back, so it comes right off.  Cleaning it to get it back to new would be difficult since it sticks to pretty much anything, but I don't see that being a problem long-term, as it even sticks on a veritcal surface perfectly.  Of course your phone won't stay on at 90degrees vertical, but from the testing I've done, it works great up to and over 45 degrees."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I waited to review this product to see if time would show it is no good, and it did not show me that.  This is the best blue tooth device i have ever seen or used and have already convinced 3 other people to switch.  The battery lasts for I would guess about 8 hrs of talk time and 2-3 weeks without a charge with me only using it a little each day.  The sound is better than using my phone and people can hear me without any static. The only improvement that I can think of is to put a battery meeter to let you know how much power is left instead of it just dying on you.  I just try to charge it every 1-2 weeks now before it dies and it is great."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased one of these headsets many years ago and was very happy with it.  Well, my husband tried it and decided he needed it since he did a lot of driving for work.  I was very happy to see that these were still available and at a much better price than what I paid way back.I love that I can use these with my cordless phones as well as my cell phone.  I prefer the corded sets, they just seem to have a better sound quality.  I love that this earpiece fits snuggly around your lobe.  I wear glasses and this works out great.  I go between this style and one that wraps around my head, it just depends on which handset I pick up.  Highly recommend to anyone who prefers the corded headset."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "There are a lot of options when it comes to styluses. This is a great short lived stylus. I was looking for something other than the cheap rubber tipped styluses that are everywhere and this one worked great for a while. The tip is rubber covered with  mesh, it's size is nice being much longer than other styluses out there giving it a more comfortable and natural fit in your hand.. And don't get me wrong it works great, it slides across the screen nicely without leaving smudges or marks, but the mesh cover over the tip comes apart or will rip over time, I have purchased 3 over a matter of a few months and finally upgraded to a Wacom. Which I'm still not overly happy with."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this case and the Incipio SA-378 DualPro Case for Samsung Galaxy S4 .  This is cheaper... and does the job... but looks a bit cheap compared to this amazing S4 slick phone.  I like the lip to protect the screen.  The buttons work fine and the ports are good.  It is grippy but slides in and out of my pocket fine.  It seems to give ok protectionI think the Incipio case gives better protection, looks much more sophisticated and isn't appreciably thicker.  It costs twice as much...but still is cheap.  I have a dock for my S4.  I had to modify the Incipio by cutting around the hole for the USB... I did not have to modify for the boxwave."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I just got Motorola T305 in after preiously buying the Jabra version months ago. If you are looking for a car/truck speaker phone, this T305 works excellent on both road and highway. The Jabra I previously bought had very limited volume and you could not hear on highway travel even with windows rolled up. I read some of the minor complaints about this product in the other reviews and utterly ridiculous. The on/off button is small but who cares? As for a blue light not being seen perfectly in the daytime, again, who cares? You know the power is on because you turned it on when you got in your car/truck."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a very nice phone.  Much nicer than my Razr V3 that I returned 3 times because of the high pitched whining noise... if you can live with high pitched static when answering calls (yes, this only happens when answering... NOT when making an outside call).  I like the color (and toying with changing the face plates) and the functionality with great battery life.  Its camera is pretty descent as far as cell phones go.  It is clear and works.  It is not super fancy, though it has a lot of fuctionality.  I am a bit disappointed that T-Mobile and Motorola don't have more choices right now, as I would have been happy to buy them.  Anyway, if you want a good phone with Bluetooth (BT), then this is a very good one."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "When installed according to instructions, this unit fulfills all its claims.NOTE that for the best success, you should separate the external antenna and internal base unit by as much distance and signal-obstruction as possible -- put the outdoor antenna at at the best available signal location, and the indoor base unit in the worst dead-zone.  Use every inch of the 50' cable supplied.My installation is in a steel-framed and steel-skinned building -- getting a signal inside was basically impossible. The outside antenna is on an old TV antenna mast 5' above the building roof, and the inside unit is sitting on top of a suspended ceiling in the center of the main area. Now I get 5-bars on Sprint anywhere inside the building, and 3-4 bars within 10 feet or so of the building outside. Our ATT data card gets a 5-bars signal also. (We are thus using both bands on this unit at once.)While not cheap, it is the least expensive alternative available, and It Just Works(tm)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I am using this to keep my Garmin Nuvi 360 powered up while driving.  I didn't know this when I got it, but if the Garmin is plugged in and not using battery power, it automatically turns on when the car is turned on (that's what I get for not reading the instruction manual, lol).To have a cleaner appearance in the car, I have the mini-usb plugged into the ball mount that is holding the GPS and not plugged into the GPS itself.  Unfortunately, that port is really close to the ball mount which restricts it's movement when plugged in.  With the adapter, it makes the cable less intrusive and makes the GPS free to adjust with the ball mount to nearly any position desired.  In combination with a 1.50 mini-usb cable, probably the cheapest way to keep my Nuvi charged while driving!!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is my second KRZR. I love this phone. I finally broke my first one, but I pushed it to the limits. It had been washed, soaked jet skiing, dropped, kicked, chewed up by my dog (twice) and finally destroyed by me trying to replace pieces without the right screwdriver. This phone lasted through it all. The best feature is that if you dry it out after immersing it in water, it still works. If you are hard on phones, I would recommend this one."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Great sturdy design in every aspect. After pairing, it features flawless instant connection to your device every time you open it. A keeper for long, its quality shows it'll last for ages.I just wish iGO would start working on supporting Windows Mobile 6. It does perform as a keyboard should and it does carry out it's core functionality; but, I can't find the drivers for my device or any other WM6 device for that manner. I am currently using similar ones which, though do allow the device to work, don't allow all function keys to carry their purpose or softkey support to be accurate."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I saw reviews for this product saying it wasn't Motorola etc. but mine definitely was. Yes it came in bulk packaging but it had all the paperwork and warranty information. I guess those users must have ordered from a different vendor. It is engraved along the front with \"Motorola\" and has the M on the round part.As for functionality, I've noticed that this charges my HTC Incredible 2 very fast in my car and the blue light matches the accents in my Mazda6! Love this little guy and it's a great price!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "What can you say. It's a genuine Nokia car charger. It's high quality. It's cheap, and it works. Bought one for myself. Bought one for my girlfriend. Bought another one for my girlfriend when her rabbit chewed up the first one. They all worked great.A friend of mine bought some no-name brand from a big box store. Paid more and it doesn't work as well. The no-name crapper charges so slow you'd have to drive around all day to charge your phone. If you are using the GPS feature while plugged into that one your battery still gets drained.No such problems with the Nokia DC-4. It charges fast, and will continue to charge even when using power hungry applications.EDIT: Note that this 2mm coax style charger will charge your device faster than the DC-6 Micro USB version (890 mAh vs. 500)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "JUNK!!!......This product must be miss labeled.  I can not get my Samsung S2 phone to charge with this OEM charger.  The lights are on, the phone says its charging but nothing happens.  I am not sure if I got a defective product but it is very upsetting to sit in your car for hours and not see your phone recharge.  If you need a reliable charger, DO NOT purchase this product.If you need a car charger for your Samsung S2, I would recommend the Motorola Vehicle Power Adapter.  It charges fast and is dependable."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Let me begin this review by stating that a lot of people have used this device quite successfully.  As for me, there were two main problems.  First, I found the sound level to be too low.  While it's easy enough to turn up the volume, the problem lies in the microphone being so close that it causes a major echo for the person on the other end.  The second problem I had was that I was never able to transfer a call from the device to the phone.  I tried to use this model for a couple weeks just to make sure but, after that time, I decided to send it back and keep looking."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I like the convenience of blue tooth and wireless, but our family keeps coming back to this top quality wired headset for sound quality. We use it so much that we just wear ours out, because we use them periodically for travel with our mobile phones, but also have them on our portable home phones. If I know that I am going to be in some wind I will use this headset instead of my wireless - just as a comparison and I use a Plantronics Voyager Pro Plus and it is a great wireless headset, but for real sound quality on both ends you can't beat the Plantronics MX500 series. I hope they keep them around for a while."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased the Jabra A125s Bluetooth iPod Adapter along with the Jabra BT620s Bluetooth Headphone and have enjoyed both.  They were easy to set up and since they are both from the same manufacturer they both use the same charger so I do not have any extra ones to worry about and I always have a spare to take with me when I am gone for long periods of time.The only suggestions that I would have would be for a positive connection to my iTouch; as it is now it is too easy to wiggle out just enough so that the connection is not good and I have to push it back in.Of course this only happens when I am walking it works great when I am just lounging around listening to tunes."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is the 4th one of these I have owned, first one from Amazon. The first one I gave away to a friend, who forgot to plug in their phone more than I do, the next two I ran through the laundry machine (don't do that). I can't live with out this thing... well... if I can live with out my phone, I might be able to live with out this, which I hear one can live with out a phone, but I am unwilling to test this. How else can you steal the batteries from the TV remote to charge your phone as you run out the door for work?!? Yeah, its just that cool!Bottom line, will everyone need one, no, just those of us that have forgotten to plug in their phone, or have been talking on our phone all day and have yet another important call to make, or can't find their charger in there suit case despite KNOWING you packed it or... you get the idea."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have had this phone for two months now and it is the best one I have owned,I have had three razr's and many other so called cutting edge phones even the V3i and none are as good as this,as for the pebl it is simple to open unless you are a butter fingered fool,and as for the finish wearing off on the keypad well mine is just fine.The phone is made better than the flimsey Razr is,you want a quality phone that works as well as it looks get this phone,you want cheap made buy something else."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this micro usb cable because it was cheap, and that it is. I use this with my Nexus s 4g from sprint and although it does indeed charge my device it causes some major issues, such as screen lag, my computer not being able to recognize what kind of device this is, and causing my phone to constantly jump into car mode. So if you need a real quick cable for basic charging, this will do it, anything else...spend the extra buck on a higher end cable."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've had 5 bluetooth headsets so far. Jabra was the first one I got, and now I'm back for Jabra. I had problem with it for a while; it kept dropping signals. I tried to update the firmware and now it's all good. I like the fact that customers can do their own maintenance.I'm very comfortable with the wearing, and I have no idea why some people complained--they might have special ear shape or size...I'm using it mostly as a stereo headset and the sound quality is quite acceptable. The only concern is its battery is not long as my other sets, it lasts about 5 hours when listen to music."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This USB charger really does work quicker than the one it replaced.  I'd bought a generic charger from Amazon some time ago and at some point it got crushed and broke apart.  The Motorola is just a bit bigger than most chargers, but the glowy blue circle is easy to grip and doesn't get in the way of my gearshift, which is actually a pretty important thing to know when you drive a stick.I've noticed it charges my Samsung Galaxy SIII fairly quickly--with it below 20% I might but close to the top in an hour or so.  The cord is long and the coiled nature even provides more stretch if you need it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased this after reading the positive reviews.  I should have paid more attention to some of the negative reviews that talked about the microphone wand that acts as an on/off switch.I used it a total of about 6 times and the \"wand\" refuses to go back. The mechanism that allows it to retract is not working and as a result its always on.When I went to Amazon to return it, it would not let me return saying the last date to return had just passed and there is some vague language about partial credit etc.So I opened a warranty ticket with BlueAnt.  Let's see how that works.I am disappointed that Amazon does not clearly explain what to do with products that go defective after a month."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This keyboard fills my left pocket and my \"Ultra mobile PC phone\" fills my right pocket.  This keyboard allows me to type at normal speed on a device I can keep in my pocket, and I was astonished to see that it would have even worked for text messaging on my older phone, the Nokia N-Gage.  If you have any HTC phone or any phone that supports bluetooth or this keyboard, or even a PDA, I highly recommend this product, although it is costly.  Pair it with anything that can run TextMaker Office for WindowsMobile and you have a meeting powerhouse in your pocket that can tackle the best college note taking in a much more mobile manner than a laptop, since you don't need to take it out of a bag, plug it in, and otherwise waste time.  I also suggest pairing it with the mouse by the same company for the same purpose."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I just recently bought my fourth WEP200.  This is a great headset.  Everyone I've bought it for loves its.  Its small, discrete and stays in  your ear.  Takes a bit to figure out how to put it in your ear.  But once it is in, it stays in.  Very easy to connect with my phones: LGVX9700, LGVX9400, Samsung SCH-a950, Samsung U550, LGVX8500.  Great buy.  Should have bought more than 1 when it was 4.99 after 20 mir."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Compact, stylish, and very comfortable.  Currently one of the only headsets known to work well with the HTC Mogul.  I wear it all day and never run out of my charge, and sometimes even forget that I am wearing it because it is so lighweight and comfortable.  Amazon has top pricing on this product too.  I could buy two here for what I'd pay full retail elsewhere.  Sound is clear on both my end and the receiver's end.  Great product and great value."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "It is not leather, and its smell is atrocious. However, if you're okay with leatherette, it does have some nice pockets inside and it's relatively thin/lightweight.I'd avoid this seller though (BoxWave Corp). Shipping is $5 and you will pay to return the item to them. For me, it was a total waste of money as the shipping costs alone are likely far more than the product is worth. I paid $30 for the case, $5 for shipping to me. I'll be sending it flat rate back. Bear Mountain cases are better, real leather, and cost less (about $20 for the iPad Mini)."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The best!! No other description needed. I have ordered seven of these. Five for myself and a couple for a friend. The only problem I've had is keeping them for myself. Borrowed one to a coworker and rather than return it, he gave me a $10 bill instead. Another was stolen from my company vehicle. I keep one in every vehicle and one in my lunch box. Never had one fail or have had to wiggle the micro USB end to get it to work like all the el-cheapo ones I had before. For the price Amazon sells them, you can order five of them and select Free Super Saver Shipping and it'll still be cheaper than going to a big box store or one of the carriers retail outlets where it'll cost you $30 for the same unit or anything comparable."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I've owned bluetooth devices by Scala, Motorola, and Plantronics.  The Jawbone is the first unit I've used in which no one has asked, \"Are using a bluetooth?\"  I think that, in and of itself speaks volumes.  The only drawback I've encountered is loss of pairity (if that's a word!).  It seems like about every couple of days it becomes unpaired.  Trying to reconnect doesn't work.  I have to remove the device from the phone and start all over again.  I'm not sure why this happens so frequently but I still believe the Jawbone is a superior bluetooth device."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I tried two (yes, two) batteries and had to send both back because both were crap. I finally decided to spend a bit more hoping it would equate to more quality. Well that seems to have paid off (third time's the charm I guess). The battery itself replaced my old battery perfectly. It holds a charge well and reads the correct battery percentage. The included tools were a bonus. I already had a set of tools from replacing my wife's battery a while back. However these were much better. The old tools I had were stripping the tiny screw heads. This set of tools gripped the screw heads perfectly. Overall I'm very happy."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I needed a new car charger and for $5 and free shipping, why not try it. Very sleek charger. I've seen chargers that cost 3 times as much not looks this nice. I love the blue light that illuminates when it's plugged in. It takes the guesswork out for me, so I KNOW without a doubt my phone is charging. The length of the charger is more than sufficient. It fits all phones with micro SD connections.As I stated in my review title \"Buy it, you won't regret it!\""}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Ok so i wish i felt i could give this 4-5 stars but 2 things really bug me, 1st and most annoying is the power button becomes recessed wit this case , the volume buttons have an extended piece that makes them ez to access but the power button doesnt, and 2nd the top and bottom seem to bow out a little and not quite fit almost like maybe a bad batch cause it is close really close but it bows out. so i love the look and feel, it shows off this pone. keeps the sleek curves. oh i wish that power button where easier to hit and it would be a case i really like."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I read other reviews before I've bought this battery and decided to try my luck anyway for 7 bucks :) so, I'm here to tell you that it works nice to me, I own it for the month already and still I have 3+ hours for talking and 3 days for stand by!!! Isn't it great?! Of Course it is :)I'm glad that I've tried it, I was even thinking if it won't keep the power for 3 hours for talking I'll need to go in AT&T; store and by original one for $40, the old one that was going with one kept the power for one and a half years. Will see for how long this one will leave."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Pro's:Very easy to use.Qwerty keyboardOTA (Over The Air) software upgrades that add usability to it once or twice a year.Full buddy list loading for AIM and YIM.Synchs to both Windows and Mac computers.Large clear screen.Allow for export of web bookmarks.Use up to three Pop3 or Imap4 email addresses with it.Con'sNo external memory.limited camera memory.no Bluetooth.no spell checker for the emailNo Microsoft Exchange email support so no corporate email unless it is a Pop3 or allows you to login from the web.Overall an excellent device."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This product (version 4.0) works with my V3 and V3x.  It does NOT work with my new V3e.I am using the overpriced Version 4.0 disc purchased directly from Motorola.Software updates still do not recognized the V3e.  Not sure which models listed work and which don't, but the fact that non-supported models seem to be listed is sufficient to be skeptical and go elsewhere.  Yeah, and it's a penny, PLUS a lot in shipping!So, if the software works for you, it is pretty nice.  If not, you're out.  I gave a review of one star based on the fact that a model I KNOW doesn't work is in the supported list."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I purchased the Motorola P513 Vehicle Power Adpater to replace the original Verizon car micro/USB charger that I purchased with my Motorola Droid and Palm Pre.  I have no use for the regular USB slot that is on the top of adapter and pretty much thought the thing was bulky and an eye sore.  This power micro adapter is slimmer, lightweight and the cord is just the perfect length.  The soft blue glowing \"M\" is pretty neat too.Call me silly, but I was worried that the center blue light would be made out of glass and was concerned if the sun hit it, it might start a fire.  I was happy to find out that it is made of a lightweight beveled plastic instead.Besides using it to charge my cell phones, I can also use it to charge my GPS system and bluetooth headset also requires a micro USB.Great buy under $10 dollars - highly recommended!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought the Plantronics 320 today. As soon as I walked out the store,the reception went static beyond belief. The salesman said \"Give it a chance\", I have and it's going back tomorrow. For the past week  I've bought 4 headsets(Motorola 500,850,700,& this one which is one of the worst.I found the Motorola 700 to be the best so far.  Clear reception most of the time,excellent volume(no problem hearing while driving),& it always connected to my treo 650.  On a windy day my friend on the other end didn't even know I got out the car,hardly any background noise.  I just ordered the 700 through Amazon,much cheaper than Cingular & Motorola."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "The sound quality is good WHEN it works.  Although easy to pair with Blue Tooth to the iPhone once I did it and tried it again at the gym I can't get the music to play and of course you probably already know the controls on the Sony Headset don't control the iPod/iphone?  I thought it was really cool at first but after trying to get it to work at the gym for three days running it goes back.  It is also worth mentioning that you can't use regular rechargeable batteries.  It has a built in Sony battery that you have to use its own specific charger for.  Oh goodie, something else to recharge and keep up with.  Not worth the headaches."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this item @ a local retailer, was happy cause i got it on sale (probobly clearance) well it worked 2 days then the wire going into the unit it self would get static if touched!  I can not find my receipt, so i e-mailed jabra & they are acting like this isn't an issue! wanting to know how many phones i tried, if i tried more than 1 headset, etc.... i will prolly get no where or if they do accept a return the S&H Charges will be stupid & not worth replacement!  Just get a nice wired headset, less $ spent & less headache!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this due to the law changing to hands free in my state.  I am not a big fan of bluetooth but I saw the writing on the wall so I read the reviews and picked this one.  I am glad I did! This was very very simple to set up and charged very quickly.  It synced easily with my android phone.  I like that it comes with various sizes ear buds so you can get the right fit. It stays securely on my ear and I never feel like it is flapping or going to fall off.  When I make calls, the person I am calling says I sound like I am talking directly on the handset so I am pleased.  I have not tried any of the voice command features yet so I cannot comment on those. Overall, I am pleased and would definitely recommend this headset!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "This is a nice concept.  It allows the holster to orient either horizontal or vertically.  The only problem is that the first one I got...the clip snapped the first day I wore it.  The replacement is holding up much better, but it's gotten a bit floppy.  It would probably work fine for someone who was more sedentary...but I'm very active and put a lot of stress on stuff.  Still, I have it, and use it from time to time when I want to impress someone."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "My first impression is that whoever designed this product must have liked Kinder eggs when they were younger: everything involves assembly, and the car charger looks like something out of a Bond movie. Although I didn't have any issues with the call quality, the biggest problem was the plastic hoop that connect the headset to your ear - it's flimsy, breaks off easily in your pocket, and isn't particularly comfortable.It's definitely not bad for the price, but I don't think it stands up well to the Motorola range. If you spend a little more, you can get a little more comfort and considerably fewer attachments."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "We have two, and we love them. They work very well, like much better than the Motorola's we had, and these are quite stylish and unobtrusive. Now, I will say that I switch back and forth between the smallest ear piece and none at all - with it, it fits better and you can hear better, but it starts hurting a little after a while, have to take a break; without it, I can wear it all day, but, it dangles a little awkwardly and sound is sacrificed, a little, but certainly bearable."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I bought this phone because I was sick of Sprint's contracts. It has been great for the following reasons:- cheap ($13)- superb coverage: I travel coast to coast and even get service in the backwoods of rural Alabama (Costa Rica too)- battery lasts and lasts (and lasts)- easy to useAll I wanted was a phone that worked.  After previously owning the $700 mini-computer type phone I was ready to kick 'em all to the curb but this has been great.  If you're tired of the high charges and contract hassles, give this a try.  I spent $100 on 1200 minutes and a year's worth of service.The only caveat to this service is that you get dinged for an entire minute even if you only used 2 seconds of it.  But with all the other good stuff that it does have, that little detail doesn't bother me a bit!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Judging from what I've seen in other reviews and what I received there is inconsistency in what is being shipped out.  I received a zip-lock bag containing 12 pieces. (See user uploaded photo that matches the description below)- 6 Torx type drivers, magnetic tip (T4,T5,T6,T7,T8,T10) (Orange handle, with blue cap)- 1 Philips driver, magnetic tip (black handle)- 1 Flat driver, magnetic tip (black handle)- 1 3-point driver, magnetic tip (clear red handle)- 2 tweezers (stainless steel, on blister packs)- 1 pry tool (dark green)I purchased this set to do some work on a Droid X (MB810), and they did the job well enough, except I had to carefully use the T4 instead of a T3 *very* carefully on 12 screws holding the screen assembly together. I'll give it a 3 star rating \"It's OK\""}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have been using the HS810 for 9 months now. I was initially very impressed because of the small size and its being relatively stable with a number of different phones. (The early blue tooth standard isn't really as \"standard\" as one might hope!) However, it has proven rather fragile. Within 2 months the plastic case began breaking next to and inside the hinge for the on/off switch.  Did not impact usability so I didn't care.  For the last several months it has been hard to get a good connection witht he charger (several of my colleagues are having similar problems).  The headset has recently become useless because the main body of the case has cracked. I keep the unit in my briefcase, so I don't know why it is proving as fragile as it has.  If you can use it (or the similar HS850) with some assurance that it will not be crushed, it is a good choice.  Otherwise, I suggest looking at other designs."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I have a Samsung Galaxy S3, and I have a total of 4 chargers (including the wall charger that came with the Galaxy S3). This is by far the best car charger I have ever owned. Two reasons: (1) It charges seemingly as fast a the factory wall charger from Samsung; and (2) it is very well built. It is light, but you can tell by the feel its quality. The performance is excellent. Additionally, the cord is long enough to actually use the phone while it charges in the car.The fact that I spent less than $7 for this seems incredible. This charger works better than the Samsung (OEM) car charger that I own and paid over $20 for."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Don't get me wrong the H3 looks good and sleek but it gives too much feed back. What I mean by that is that when your on the phone, the other party hears an echo.  This happend on all the calls. The only thing that kept me from returning it was that I lost the receipt and i threw away the box!  I don't recomend wasting your money on this. One you may try that has worked for me is the H500.  Cheap looks ok and best of all, it works!!!!  Oh yeah my Razor had a hard time linking to the H3."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I'm very pleased with this case. One piece that slips on fairly easily. It's not real grippy like some but has enough grab that you can hold onto it. Goes in and out of my holder and pocket easy enough. The stand on the back works great! When the stand is closed it's flush with the back of the case so it lays flat. Some cases, with stands, have hinges and parts that sick out. The blue is nice and true to on line image. I really like it. The price is amazing!"}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I wasn't getting very good audio quality, and could not manage to perform the long duration hold of the answer button to get my Samsung SCH-A870 to enter speech recognition mode.Another web-site I found explained how to enable/disable the vibrate feature of the headset, and also perform a reset.Try the search string:Jabra BT5020 Vibrate Enable/Disable Reset the DeviceNote: neither procedure is explained in the manual for the headset which came with the unit (or the downloadable manual from the Jabra website for that matter. That is inexcusable in my opinion. The manual on the web should be made up to date by a manufacturer at the very least).Once the headset was reset, not only was the sound quality better, I could finally use the long duration tap of the answer button feature to initiate voice calling on the cell phone through the headset.I actually like the headset now. No issues with voice or digit dialing.The only drawback I find is the earbud doesn't stay on the earpiece."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "Case is large, certainly, but as are all cases of this type.  It fits well, even with a third-party wireless charging card inside the battery compartment.  I wouldn't say it exactly looks good though.  If you've had an Otterbox, it looks like the rest, you're sacrificing appearance and size for protection.  I got it mainly because it comes with a belt clip, and the GS5 is a pretty big phone to carry in your pocket, especially as the days get warmer.It seems to attract and hold dust a lot.  Perhaps lighter colors wouldn't show that as much.  Personally, I find that big chunk of rubber protecting the headphone jack unnecessary.  The headphone jack on this phone is waterproof anyway, and there's a very big cutout in the bottom to access the charging port."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I haven't used a vehicle charger for cell phones in years.  Two reasons mainly.  I rarely drive, I'm usually riding the motorcycle wherever I go.  And two, the batteries last so long that I never saw the need to spend $25 + for the few times I do drive.  Just have a full charge, and I was good to go.But, with the droidx, once you start using the smart phone features, like the GPS (which I use when I leave my regular GPS at home), the battery goes down faster than just used as a phone.And, with the price ($4.71, though it's now $3.15), I figured why not?  I don't use it much, because, like I said, I don't drive that often.  But when I do, the charger is with me.An excellent deal, and I'm very pleased with it."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I read a lot of reviews on a lot of headsets before purchasing this one. I've had it for a month now and so far the performance is just fine. I use it mostly in the car with no problems. People tell me they can hear me just fine. The battery life is good; the lights on the headset are helpful indicators. I like the small lightweight size.My wife tried it out and was pleased with it. So I've purchased a red one for her....she'll get it for Christmas."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "One thing about chargers these days is the build quality.  I've owned and thrown out so many that I've come to the realization that the cheap plastic $5.00 ones are the ones that break the quickest.  So I decided to spend a little more this time.  The Scosche is defintely built well, feels great too.  I've plugged in all my devices and all charge well.  I would buy again.Oh, i've purchased wiring harnesses from Scosche.  They sell good quality stuff."}
{"label": 7, "raw": "I was one of the lucky few to get one of these free for registering my Motorola MPX-220.  I was skeptical to the whole bluetooth scene, but this headset quickly changed my mind.The device will easily last 3-4 days in standby mode with average usage.  The sound is excellent, and people who listen think I'm talking on a normal phone.  The range is great.  I can be about 50 feet away without a problem.The best part about the phone is the intuitive on/off.  When the microphone boom is \"folded\" out, it turns on.  Fold it back in, and it turns off.  Simple, yes.  But many other headsets require you to push buttons (or hold them down).  This makes using it a snap!I actually have one for my home office and another that I leave in my car."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These jeans are awesome.  I see that there are a lot of negative reviews about how Levi's changed the fit of these jeans (however long ago...), but I wasn't wearing them back then so I cannot speak to that issue.  But from what I can tell there shouldn't be any complaints about fit!  These jeans look great and fit well.  They are also high quality.  What else could you want?  Them to come with money in the pockets?  Well me too but that goes for everything I buy.  Get a pair, you won't regret it!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Tried these on over my panties, and it was a perfect fit.  Ran them through the wash, and they came out AT LEAST a full size smaller.  The shrinkage of the fabric was so bad that the elastic is actually bunched up now at the openings.  The leg openings are tight now, the height of the panty from crotch to belly is so much shorter, the rear area isn't fully covered. I can't wear them, and i can't send them back now.  Vanity Fair is disappointing me after many years of satisfaction.I can't say these are even worth trying.  Keep looking."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Once my Dickies shirts had prematurely worn out, I made the decision to switch to another brand. Carhartt was the first one to come to mind. They were a considerable investment for tshirts, but I have always felt that quality is worth the price.I was initially pleased with the thickness, fit and color selection of these t's. However, in just three months of wear the colors unevenly faded across the shirts and holes/wear marks started to show around the collar areas. The tan, red and gray shirts showed these flaws more than the navy, white and black shirts did.At 6 foot 2 inches and 225lbs, I wear an XL in other tshirts. This was not the case in Carhartt. They run big. I found that the L tall fit me perfectly.These tshirts did keep their shape and size characteristics after several washings, but based on the problems that I experienced and the hefty price tag, I can not recommend these to anyone."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this for my 8 month lean baby boy. I did have to take it in a bit (It is sized for 12 to 18 ), but it was easy to do. He loved it and had it on all night over his PJs. It is made with mobile babies in mind, not one hole. The top fit well on his head over top of a beanie (I put the beanie on first for a while till he was used to it, then added the top) he didn't even notice it (until the top would flip down, but to really a problem, flips back and is pretty sturdy) ."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear a 40DD but got the 40DDD instead since it was my first time ordering bras from Amazon. The fit would have been ideal if it wasn't padded. Women who already have large enough 'girls' do not need the padding. The bra looks perfect online, however, the workmanship left much to be desired. For example, the black lace  flowers design that covers the beige material needed some more attention to be paid to it. While the flowers were pretty, each flower bud and petal had thread sticking out (the flowers are sewn on). All the manufacturers had to do was just clip off the extra pieces of thread. I plan to do just that."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Wow, I'm pretty shocked as to how many positive reviews this bra has.  The cup is shaped very weird, When on, it makes my boobs look like torpedoes!  And it pushes them wayyy to far apart.  They stick out too much on the sides and just makes the shape of my chest look un-natural.  No bueno.  I see other reviewers have had the same experience as me with this bra.  I sent it back immediately!The Bali #3372 is the one that makes my boobs look great and feel great, even though it's itchy sometimes.  This one looked almost the same, so I gave it a try.  But the way it looks on is very different from the way it looks off."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This clutch wallet passed my expectations, very happy with this wallet.  The color and suede feel is a great plus. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a great clutch wallet at a reasonable price.  In similar products, other clutch book wallets would not have as much available space, for all items needed to be placed in the wallet.  The size can fit into any pocketbook without the bulge when filled, a deep pocket, or used as a carry-along without pocketbook.  This clutch is great, and would not be a disappointment to anyone who is looking for this type of wallet.  I Love It!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The backing of the bag that gives its nice shape is made of some kind of wood or other hard material or cardboard.  I was excited to get a \"man purse\" to carry my cell phones instead of attaching them to my belt.  I placed the phones and tried to close the snap button but the backing broke.  It cracked.  I didn't even use the bag yet and the backing cracked in half.  The backing could not even withstand pressure applied to close the snap buttons.  What a major disappointment.  They couldn't make it out of something less brittle?  Useless."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I used to buy Duragold years ago, and was surprised and pleased to see it available here. I bought both the 4 mm and the 5 mm yellow gold ball studs. Please note the posts are shorter than normal, which I love because I can sleep in them without them poking the back of my head. The butterfly clasp is small, so I replaced them with a locking type of clasp from a different pair of earrings. I have worn the 4 mm ones in my second hole continuously for well over a month with no problem. One thing great about Duragold is that they're hypoallergenic, which is important for those who can have reactions to different alloys in gold. I really like this brand."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I agree with all the reviews that say the band on this bra runs small.  For comparison's sake, I am usually a 38 band and I have the Champion 1602 that is a 38ddd.  I measured it against this bra and it was the same length as the 44!  To me that's a huge difference. But when I tried on the 44ddd of this Wacoal it did not feel secure, so maybe the short length has something to do with the stretch of the material.  It didn't seem a lot stretchier than my Champion though."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My husband purchased these for me to match a white gold necklace.  I wear them 95% of the time.  I sleep in them.  They are very small, but that's what I like about them.  They're dainty.  The latch is still working well, even though I shower in them and sleep in them.  I change them rarely, as they match the necklace which is sentimental to me.  I had meant to get some more white gold earrings and just haven't.  These have stood the test of time... even though I didn't mean to challenge them that way."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My daughter had one of these when she was a toddler. It was really sweet and she loved carrying it around and taking the stuff out. I ended up buying one for my step-grandaughter this Christmas. She was thrilled with it and just like my daughter used to do, she had a blast pulling everything out, going through it and putting it all back in. Everything is easy to hold, fun to look at, and just grown-up enough to make them feel like this really is their own purse."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "38DDD.  I wasted way too many years buying Lilyette.  Lilyette quality has diminished dramatically over the past year and I was concerned about finding an alternative.  I tried the Bali Satin Tracings Minimizer and was pleasantly surprised.  The Bali is rather comfortable. Washes well.  Life-span is average.  You'll know when to buy new when you feel the fit change.It is also a 10X better minimizer than any other bra I've tried.  In fact, I used to need apparel tape to keep the front of my blouses from gapping.  With the Bali, my clothes fit perfectly without needing that bothersome tape.  Hopefully, they will make this bra forever and leave it just the way it is...don't change the fabric, don't change anything to make it &#34;new and improved&#34;."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Although the fit was good and the bra itself was comfortable, I returned this bra due to the uncomfortable &#34;buckle&#34; type adjuster on the strap.  I could constantly feel it digging into my shoulder blades.  Since I wear this type of bra all day (not for sports), the straps have to be comfortable.  Instead I'm keeping the Lily of France Sport in Action sports bra.  The straps aren't adjustable but fit fine on me and feel divine compared to the Natori straps."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I work with a friend who is the biggest Chuck Taylor fan of all time.  She has who knows how many pairs of Chucks (over 20), and always seems to wear a different color every day.  So to be a good friend, I had to get a pair.  Red, being one of my favorite colors, seemed the right choice.  I bought size 6.5 Men's, which translates to 8.5 Women's.  The fit is good!  These are heavier than I would have expected, but they aren't uncomfortably so.  They are very sturdy considering so much of them is made from canvas.  My feet feel well supported.  While I probably won't go bonkers over them, I might have to invest in a second pair."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered the jet pack for my 6 year old grandson for Halloween 2011 to go with his Buzz Lightyear costume.  Unfortunately, when we blew up the jet pack the day before Halloween and my grandson wore it for about an hour, it began to deflate quickly.  We found a hole but were unable to patch it up so that it stayed inflated since the break was in a crease in the plastic material.  Luckily, I was able to find and purchase another jet pack at a nearby store in my city which held up fine on Halloween."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered four of these Carhartt's workwear T shirts.  I usually by Penney's but I have read they stopped selling the ones that I liked.  Gave these Carharrt's a chance and so far I have been impressed with them.  I don't use them for work but leisure and around the house activities.  I have always liked their work jeans and I find these a nice addition.Overall they seem to be made well and are roomy.  I wear a 2xl and tall too.  They seem long enough for me and I am 6'5&#34;.  See how the work in time but for my early impression of them, they seem very good!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am 57 and have been wearing these jeans since high school..I started out a 30/30..I am currently a 33/30..While my size has not changed all that much these jeans have...They were one of the oldest American companies and it is sad to see the denegration of an icon..Hell years ago these pants were used as a sobriety check..If you couldn't handle the buttons  on the rest room call you knew you had drank to much..Zippers were for sissy's! In summation don't expect quality anymore however if you need a sobriety check these will still fit that bill.."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered these on the grounds that I needed a taller size. I loved the color, but they came up only midway up my buttcrack. When I did the 'crouch down' test they revealed much, much more. The legs and fit indicated they were not original fitting as the leg stayed the same width all the way down the leg. All in all, what I ordered was completely different from what I thought I was ordering. If you're a tall guy like me, don't get them.Other than that, I'm giving them two stars rather than one for nice quality and color."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this bra because it had so many good reviews and I am always looking for a minimizer bra.  I bought my regular size which is a 34C.  I have to wear it in the loosest hook and I usually wear a 34C in the tightest hook.  I put it on this morning and it felt a little snug but not uncomfortable and I thought it would be OK.  Now it's after lunch and I am sitting at my desk after eating a Chick-Fil-A sandwich -- just the sandwich mind you -- not the meal.  Well I am about to die. This bra is cutting me in half and there's nothing I can do about it.  I can't just take it off and go around braless so I am hostage to this torture chamber!  I'm too lazy to send it back so I'll just wear it on a &#34;thin&#34; day."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was looking for a casual bra to wear when I worked in the yard and chose this one based on reviews and price.  It's going back.The bra is thin with old fashioned pointed nipples.  The material fails to stretch to adapt to breast dimensions, causing some areas to be too tight and others too loose.  It felt uncomfortable (not too tight - just too rough) as soon as I put it on.Because it's a Bali, it's probably durable and would hold up over time better than cheaper bras but I just can't get over the positive reviews so I'm giving it only one star.For a better fitting and much more comfortable bra, try a Victoria's Secrets wireless cotton bra.  It gives you the smooth coverage you want, excellent support, and you won't even know you are wearing it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was delighted when it first arrived:  very silky, lightweight, long in the waist for tucking in, and a bit of a dip at the neck so it doesn't show above sweaters.  However, after washing it on delicate in lukewarm water and laying it out flat on a towel to dry, I was surprised to see how much it had shrunk in length...3 inches!  Luckily it still fits into my slacks, but not by much.  And the delicate pattern in the silk has condensed a bit, so it is not as silky as it was before.  Also, wearing it under a cashmere sweater does not protect me from feeling the slight itchiness of the wool on my skin.  Not sure if I would buy again, although I did feel warmer with it on, and the arm length is perfect.  I am a size 8 and I bought a small after having read the other reviews."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are the best.  When you get them out of the bag, you might think you ordered panties that were 2 or 3 sizes too small, but that's just the way they look until you try them on.  They fit great.  They hold in your stomach quite a bit and the leg opening doesn't ride up in the back.  Stays put.  These also come in a lace waist band that rests lower (on your hip).  I have that style too and it is  nice but I like these better."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are such a great size, are nice and shiny, and have a good weight to them.  I'm super happy with this purchase.  However, the backs are completely useless.  They just slide on and off, up and down the post--there is no catch whatsoever.  So I'm disappointed that I'm going to have to spend the time, money and effort to pick up replacement backs, but I expected this based on some of the other reviews.  So don't hesitate to buy these since they are great quality and a good value, but do plan to replace the backs before you wear them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These jackets are great for work or leisure if you're into the outdoors. They run kind of big so I'd suggest getting a size smaller than you usually wear or getting the size you usually wear and then shrinking it with a warm (not hot) cycle in the washking machine or dryer. Some Carhartt jackets can be washed on hot, but depending on the material, a cycle on hot could ruin or damage material Carhartt uses in the production of some of their other jackets. I usually wear a large and I ordered this jacket in a large, and while it didn't fit like an XL, it was a bit too large. I washed it in warm water and dried in the machine and now it fits great. Loose, but tight enough to not look baggy or feel uncomfortably big. These jackets last, and they're great for light weight weather resistence or layering. I'd recommend this jacket to anyone as long as they keep in mind the sizing specifications."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Im very happy with my order and I wear these more than any other kind of mens boxer briefs. I bought two pair and will buy more. They are very comfortable, light weight but also snug. They hold up in all the right parts. They also have triple stitching around the waist band which other brands don't have and tend to rip after a few wears. These hold up great around the waist due to the way their sewn in the waist. I do not dry these in a dryer with heat after wash, I have found that they keep their color and newness longer that way. I recommend these boxer briefs above all othersThe company is great too, the seller replaced a missing pair that was never delivered to me or lost in the mail without any problems. So I highly recommend them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear a size 10 1/2 in my running shoes (Go Fasters, USMC !), I ordered a size 10, and they fit perfect and are true to size,I also have wide (see photo), These are my third pair of Keens and the last two were a 1/2 size too big.So  once they broke in,  walking to the mailbox and back they fit like a well worn glove, or sock. LOL !!  Brad B.  (Winston-Salem, N.C.)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear a 38C Bra size, and this bra fits the bill!!! Love it!  I just ordered another one.  I would highly recommend this bra.  It is very sexy, and comfortable.Update:After wearing this bra for a day, it's NOT comfortable.  I would not recommend it all, and I have returned the other one that was ordered, and the one I kept goes in the \"Not form fitting, and comfortable\" draw.  I got the Marielle Unlined bra instead, so far it is very comfortable, and fits nicely to the breasts.  I will be ordering another pair!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I think I will like it better once its washed several times and stretches just a little.  I have had these before and found the same thing.  If they offered half sizes, I would have gotten a half size larger.  I know the next size up does not fit...its too big, BUT this is a nice bra, does a good job of minimizing.  It does go up a little into my arm pits, but I don't think that will bother me after it softens up a bit.  Like the straps and shape of cups.  Well made.  I would love to find a bra that I give 5 starts to but probably will not in my lifetime."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These Skimp Skamp Briefs are the most comfortable undies I've ever worn, and I've been buying them for a long, long time. They're perfect for anyone who doesn't like bikini or high-rise panties. After three babies, I can't wear those things anymore. The fabric moves with you, and they're practically invisible under clothing. I add Oxi-Clean to the detergent when I wash them, as chlorine bleach does a number on them. Plus I use a hanger with clips to air-dry them on the shower rod, as they last longer that way."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Very comfortable as a nursing bra. I dont sleep in mine, but it was important for me to have a supportive bra that was not too tight and did not have underwires that would effect my milk supply. Based on the size of my breasts throughout the day, I can hook or unhook as many eyelets as i need to to be comfortable. I like that it is front hooking so that I can easily access my breasts to feed my son. The only drawback is that the seam comes up a bit high and can be uncomfortable on my nipples sometimes when they are sensitive after nursing. But for the price you cannot beat the comfort and function of this bra. i wish there was a hyrid version of this and the Simple Wishes Hands free pumping bra."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "You can't beat the quality of Spanx as long as you accept that you MUST order two sizes larger than the chart says you need. You will never get them on otherwise. (And if you do get them on, you'll be miserable.) Order two sizes up and they'll still be snug and hold down the jiggles. You'll feel confident and comfortable. These are perfect under skirts to keep you cool and prevent thighs from rubbing together. They also keep the skirt from sticking to your behind after you've been sitting. They're still a challenge to get on - especially after using a public restroom where you don't have a lot of room. Also, I can see where they'd be easy to snag with a rough fingernail or ring, so be careful. I really wish they'd make them in more sizes for larger bodies, but overall, they are awesome and worth the price."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These boot cut jeans by my favorite jeans maker are exactly what I needed.When I ordered my Harley Davidson boots,I needed pants for when I wear them and these ones are the only ones that fit on the outside where others can't.Shopping local yields nothing like these,just junk not worth the money.Quality is what I've come to expect from Levi's,outstanding with fit absolutely perfect.More orders coming soon for these.Shipping was  prompt,making this buyer very happy.Thank you to everyone for helping this lonely guy that hardly can get out to shop by bringing them to me.Again,THANK YOU VERY MUCH!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These earrings are really pretty.  They look exactly like the picture on Amazon.  I got these on a Lightning Deal for $40, which I thought was a good price for gold earrings.  Unlike some reviewers, I like the 8mm size.  It is big enough to be seen clearly, without being too big to overpower the look.  I bought these earrings to match/coordinate with the Duragold 14k yellow gold beaded ball necklace.  They match perfectly.  So glad I got these.  If you are looking for a simple and classic look, then I would definitely recommend these earrings."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My husband is extremely picky and hard to please.  He needed new jeans but has been disapointed with the quality of Levi's brand.  I knew Carhartt makes tough work clothes and outerwear that lasts, so I asked him to try these.  I bought 2 pair and awaited delivery.  My husband loves them.  They fit perfectly in the waist and length.  I have washed them since purchase and they have not shrunk or faded.  I plan to buy more when I need to from Carhartt since he is happy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I do a lot of field work across the world and have heard nothing but good things about these sandles - however for me, I can't even wear them. After 1 month, they just stank. Now, I don't have particularly smelly feet. And can't smell any other shoes, but these are bad. Others people with the same shoes tell me that as well (although they still like them). And I found them fairly uncomfortable. I remember that Teva's sandles, when they first came out, also smelled, and then they made them different. Oh, well."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have purchased 4 pairs of Levi's 505 jeans in the last two years.  Altogether, I have 6 pairs of 505's.  The problem is that four of the six pairs I have are over 10 years old.  Yep, the pre-2000 jeans wear like iron while the post-2009 jeans wear out.  This last pair (made in Central America) fit well and are comfortable.  I'm giving them 4 stars because, they are comparable with the ones I have purchased recently and fit fine.  If you are comparing these jeans to those from years ago, however, they would be two stars."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I found this watch for my husband probably 10 yrs. ago.  He is really hard on his watches being a mechanic.  He likes all the feature, backlight, timer, stop watch, alarm.  The band is the best, it has a strap that goes under the watch that helps to keep the pressure off the pins. It's Velcro so easy to remove when needing to quickly.  I only have to purchase new when he either scratches up the face to much or loses it like he did this time."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've tried other panties and brands of panties and must stick with what works.  I'm VERY pleased with the black pair of the Vanity Fair Women's Perfectly Yours Ravissant Tailored Nylon Brief in black, in fact, so much so that I ordered three pairs in blushing pink (I think they will look just fine under white slacks in summer).  However, my first order was canceled after more than 11 days when they had not yet shipped from a department store in Florida!  I canceled and went back to check and they were then available directly from Amazon and came in two business days."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wanted to have a kipling bag because it is light and comfortable. I love this mini purse it has a strong zipper my medical things fits perfectly. I sent out for the wallet can't wait to receive it. I recommend this purse for people with back or heart problems it is lightweighted comfortable, washable. I believe I will have it for a longgggggggggggg time. It is worth the price.UpdateMy kipling purse has cost sensation at my job. Everyone loves it. I sewed velcro at both sides I write this suggestion for the company to know, it looks even cuter with both sides closed with velcro. My friends now want to have a kipling purse.  It is durable, waterproof, washable. I love my purse.  I would like to know where you get the names for the monkey. I would love to have a monkey with my name Marilyn."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "&#34;What is thaaaat?!?&#34; That was the shriek exclaimed by my 2.5 y/o when she opened this up on Christmas! She is so super excited about this purse set... She loves the credit card, phone and &#34;Chapstick (lipstick)&#34; the most. The size of the enclosed items are. Perfect for a toddler. The price was really good, too. We are definitely very happy with this purchase. Oh, for those who may care, the mirror that came with her set was yellow vs the shown blue, just FYI."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Note - I usually wear a 9 and have to wear a 10 in these!Once you know the sizing, though - they're awesome. I wore them for 2 weeks straight and hiked all over Guatemala and Honduras and the Bay Islands. Not a single blister or back ache. They're amazing. You don't slip on wet surfaces, your feet stay in them, your toes are protected. The only drawback is that it's a little hard to get a stone or sand out, but that's a decent tradeoff for comfortable feet in my opinion. If you get them dirty you can hose or scrub them off and they look great - they can really take a beating.And they actually look cute on - I get tons of compliments whenever I wear them, which is often. They've become my go-to sandals now (what flip flops?). They're worth every penny."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Don't be as stupid as the Levi Corporation.  Although Levi jeans manufactured in the 1950's sell for thousands of dollars in New York, the company has relentlessly degraded the product for 40 years now, trading on their name alone.  They are actually so stupid as to try to compete with the slaves in a Chinese concentration camp by accepting products manufactured in Africa and South America.  The original rivets are gone, their \"denim\" fabric is the worst quality; all seams fray, especially cuffs; belt loops fall apart; and the only appearance achieved is shabby tissue.  These fools do not have the intelligence to realize that people would pay hundreds of dollars for jeans produced on the design, material, and workmanship of the 1940's. Stop living in the past."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This jacket fits well and more importantly, functions well.  I used it for lower temperatures and with a long sleeved wicking shirt, felt warm and comfortable. I thought it might be too noisy but I don't mind the slight sounds of my arms swishing against the body of the jacket.  It's so light and wicks well. When I take it off, after 3-5 mile runs, the inside may be moist but I'm not.  I have another rain jacket that leaves me feeling clammy after a brisk walk so I can appreciate the difference .  I love it!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "UPDATE  I've owned these earrings for 7 years.  I wear them often and they look as good as the day they arrived from Amazon in 2007.  Perfect 14K yellow gold color, not brassy-looking at all like some gold is, they are the perfect size - 1\" in diameter.  Well made, yet light in gram weight, the post snaps shut with a nice click and doesn't feel like they will easily come unsnapped.  The hinge seems to be high-quality and strong too.  They are the perfect earring for me."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These were a secret gift for my brother-in-law. He keeps complaining that he must do laundry every other day because he only has one pair of work pants, but then he just will not go get more or let anyone buy him any! So, I got the size off of the one pair of jeans he owns (laundry is at my house) and I bought several other pairs that were similarly worn. I sneak in a new pair about once a week and so far he hasn't noticed that he now has three pair of work pants. When I slip in the new ones, I put them in the dirty clothes hamper he uses.  I wonder if he knows his pants are multiplying yet?"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "You won't find a better watch for the money. I don't think there IS a better watch. This is the most comfortable, reliable, long-wearing, easily adjustable watch I have ever owned. I have a $900 Movado that I never wear because the clasp always comes loose. Besides, I'm so happy with my Titanium Skagen I never want to wear anything else. The Skagen mesh bands are the most comfortable thing in the world against your skin.My only negative remark is don't buy the black. I had that one before and the black coloring wore off where the band meets the watchface, and it looked shabby. This watch I have now is all Titanium, nothing to rub off."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought these for my 13 yr old son.  They cost about the same price at the mall but it's always a plus when you can avoid going to the mall.  Chuck's run larger so you have to get a size smaller than what you would normally wear.  I found that out when I had to do a return and reorder.  Other than that, he seems to like his Chuck's.  I've bought a few more in different colors because he likes them so much."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Got these for work (Work as a Paramedic), so these do its job by being somewhat water-proof, good fit, and durable. They come super starchy, the size runs pretty small. (I'm a 34 in most everything, a 34 in this seems to feel like a 32 or even 30 at times). Depending on what you want of a work pant, this gets the job done, but just not that great of quality and will probably be thrown away after some use in a year or so."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm a 5'9 dude and about 180 lbs and normally wear a large in jackets and coats.  Not this baby.  I ordered the large and it sort of dwarfed me.  I'm not giving it only 3 stars for that reason however, but rather for the overall rough feeling material that the jacket is made of.  The label says &#34;Made in Mexico of US Fabrics&#34; but not sure what fabrics they were actually using, definitely not something that is going to be taken care of in a few washings.  If you want a rough and tough jacket where comfort is not an issue, then this might be the right one for you- but if you are looking for a casual outdoors type jacket that isn't stiff or uncomfortable, keep shopping."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I work 3rd shift outside year round so I need a watch that can and will stand up to abuse. For starters the velcro band is very comfortable and sturdy. The watch is so light that you will forget you're wearing it. The display is fairly large and easy to read. Not to mention that the greenish background makes it easy to read even in sunlight.  The only  thing I'm not enjoying anout the watch is the plastic case, but hey if anything happens I won't be upset like I would if it were my Citizen...Anyway buy this watch, you won't regret it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've worn these three times (!) since buying - my pantyhose NEVER last three wears!  High quality product.  May run a tiny big big, though these days I appreciate the comfort.  The belly panel is lace, which could be itchy for some, though usually I'm sensitive to that sort of thing and have had no trouble with it.  BTW, maternity pantyhose are a must (as opposed to non-maternity) - avoids the weird line and are a lot more comfortable.The seller is fantastic, there was a mixup about colors and they sent me a replacement free of charge.I recommend these (style 5700) for nude pantyhose, and the opaque version for colors."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This watch has everything I was looking for.  It is clear and concise, has day/date feature and Indaglo so I can see it in the dark.  I travel a lot and don't have to turn on the light at night.  I have a collector watch I am retiring and have a band I wanted to transfer to the new one.  Fine.  I read a complaint from someone regarding setting the day.  To do this you wind the watch backwards and the day will change correctly.  Otherwise, you will mess everything up."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I absolutely love this wallet.  I've had it for about 2-3 weeks and its durable and pretty.  It looks exactly like the picture, its got plenty of space.  The only thing I will mention is that in the cash parts, there is an opening, so you can't put loose pieces of paper or anything in there, because it might fall out.  Otherwise its great, there is enough space for a bunch of cards, cash and change.  The wallet can feel a little bulky when completely full but its great."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These underwear are absolutely the best!  I have tried a number of athletic boxer briefs, but these are my favorite.  They stay cool and dry in our hot AZ summers.  They breath well and don't turn into a swamp.  They are comfortable and fit great.  I have a 32\" waist and the small fits great.  The elastic does not roll like some of my Champion boxer briefs and there is minimal bunching or riding up.  I just wish they were a little cheaper, but they are worth it.  I buy a couple at a time until I can phase out my old boxer briefs.  Try a pair and you will never want to wear anything else."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got the desert color - a fantastic, go-with-everything khaki color. This is a very casual bag, so if you dress up every day, it might not be for you. I love that it has a place for everything and I'm hoping to pick up a larger sized Ameribag for traveling. Now they just need to make a Back Bag for lap tops!added 1/11/2012: I just came back to buy my 3rd Ameribag, the brown one this time - it's a beautiful, rich, cognac color. Love it!  Also a note on Ameribag's customer service and warranty - a strap that holds a d-ring on the inside of one of my other bags ripped.  I gave them a call and they're having me return the bag for fixing or a replacement.  Very easy to deal with and very nice people."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got a 38 by 29 for my husband in &#34;Fume&#34; color and oh boy does he look HOT! I'm in love with this color, plus the fit was awesome and way beyond my expectations.Hubby doesnt have a body like a model, he's got a bit of belly (at 5'9&#34; and 215 pounds), so I was apprehensive about how this straight fit was gonna work out..because it's actually more like a slim fit, but it looks great.I was tired of him wearing &#34;relaxed fit&#34;...too baggy for my taste..too much like &#34;pop jeans&#34;...no offense for guys who like the style.I wanted something...how can I put it?!....something younger, fit and svelte, to make his legs look longer...and I'm very pleased with these 505.I will definitely buy him more, in other colors."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a very nice wallet.  I purchased this one to replace the exact same wallet.  My old wallet was identical to this but was about 15 years old.  (They do wear out after 15 years of constant use.)  Buxton always makes beautiful quality leather goods.  I like that the change purse closes with a metal clasp and not a zipper.  I especially like that there is a divided change purse --- I use one side for pennies and the other side for all other coins.  Also,  I like that there are two paper money slots ---- I use one side for bills and the other  side for checks.  (yes I am very organized.)  I like this wallet very much."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a beautiful watch, nicer in person than the picture.  I love the two tone look to wear with gold and silver jewellery.  I agree with other reviews that the second hand is too prominent and gets mistaken for the minute hand, but this is something you get used to after a while, I've been wearing it for about a month now.  it keeps perfect time so far and the face is medium size and suits my wrist (medium to large).  Very sleek and classic looking, can wear to work or going out."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got these trees and thought they were great at first, They function and fit my size 11-13 shoes and boots perfectly, and they're very easy to use.The only problem is the lack of cedar smell. I ordered FootFitter shoe trees a couple of weeks after these, and the FootFitters are just better all around. The pull-cord feels more sturdy, and the function seems easier, but most importantly, the foot fitters SMELL like cedar.There is a night-and-day difference between the two in terms of smell. So if you're looking for true cedar shoe trees that absorb moisture and leaves your shoes smelling fresh, go for the less-popular FootFitters for the same price (the FootFitters were actually cheaper than the Woodlores when I ordered the second time around/)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've been buying Wigwam socks for hiking and other outdoor adventures since I was in college. I order 2 pairs of these Hiking Pro socks for a motorcycle road trip because I knew they would keep my feet comfortable for long days on the saddle. I rode 3,500 over 4 days. Two days there, two days back with a week of adventure in between. My feet stayed warm and dry and they were a great complement to my Salomon Quest 4D GTX boots.If you haven't tried Wigwam socks, they have always seemed true to fit for me. They are soft, offer good support, great air flow & insulation. I definitely recommend trying these - the price may seem a little high for socks, but they are fair for &#34;performance&#34; socks and they hold up great."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Prompt delivery, and it is exactly as described.  The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because I haven't washed it yet- so I don't know how it will hold up... Other than that my little girl LOVES her tutus (we got one in light pink also), especially spinning and running in them :)  She's on the little side, so my concern was that it would be too big, but the fit is perfect!  The elastic waist will expand with her as she grows."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Got this bra in my regular size, (38DD) and I love it! I have VERY dense breast tissue and full breasts so I have a hard time finding sports bras that are supportive enough (I tried the donna karen full coverage underwire and the material was too thin to support my breasts) I love this bra, it comes up high, is super supportive and comfortable so when walking/running/exercises they dont giggle like usual! Next to try, the Wacoal Sport underwire bra, I hear that is fantastic as well!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered these Levis thinking I may have lost a little weight so I would get them a size smaller than usual.  I think manufactureres are lieing to us to make us feel good.  These jeans were a good deal too large even though ordered a smaler size.  I have a pair of Levis that I have had for a long time in the same size as these and they are really snug on me. I still love Levis and won't change to another brand I would like to warn buyers that a size 36 waist is mor like a 38.  They are still high quality though and I guess I can now say a 36 waist is too big on me and my diet was a great success.One important thing - The price was really good and I will buy more in a smaller size - Man my diet is easy!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My husband loves these; they take a lot longer to rip out the knee (he is a licensed Contractor) than the ones without the double knees.I get these for him all the time and this time I was able to get them for way less ($10.00 less each) than if I went to a local store (who never have his size anyhow and have to order them in for him). And they had his size on Amazon and for a great price.  Which is good, because it takes him about 6 months to get through the knees. And he usually wears them 6 months past that because they are so expensive.Anyhow, recommended for Construction Workers who do not like to wear knee guards."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It's nice to see that Levi's add a touch up style to their Legendary Americas favorite blue jean. I was surprised to see these jeans from Levi's, so I purchased these, since I now own several other brands of these some what leather look like jeans to update my style. I like the fact that these are still Levi's, same fit, feel & look. And also the fact these don't cost a bundle. I noticed that some designers are doing this with their prices, just because they look like leather, but they're not & the should reflect that also. I really like these jeans."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have been looking for years in stores for a replacement for my 25 year old wallet.  I am a creature of habit--and do not trade in ANYTHING lightly.  But you can imagine the looks I got with the one I was carrying, beyond old--it was tearing apart, looked terrible--but until I found EXACTLY what I wanted--it was staying.  I just got finished transferring all my life from that to the new Buxton wallet.  Mind you, a wallet to me is a brief history of my life-- where I carry Catholic holy cards, my NRA life-membership card, pictures of my late husband and drivers licenses dating back 15 years.  ALL FIT WITH NO PROBLEM.  I am sorry I did not go on line before last week or I would have found this much sooner.  But EVERYTHING, I mean it ALL fit with no problem.  HIGHLY recommend."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This bra does provide support & lift, but it is not 'seamless'.  This bra is part of the Bali &#34;Classics&#34; collection, so it's been around for a long time.The cup isn't a stretchy type of fabric, so you can see a little of the cup material through my tops.  And, you can see a little of the cup seam (slightly).I just bought Bali Passion For Comfort Minimizer Underwire Bra, and that one is seamless-  that one is a stretchy type of material.  It smooths out over the breast.  So, you won't see the cups through your tops with that one-  although that bra fits a bit more snug."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Of course it's nice when things change for the better and just as sweet when the small close to perfect things in life remain unchanged by time. This is the case with these Levi's 501 jeans.For decades my favorite jeans of all time. Countless designers and brands have tried to tap into the 501's iconic popularity but at the end of the day have always failed to do so.These are exactly how I remember them:* Heavy Denim* Re-enforced flawless stitching on all pockets, hems, waist line and inner leg.* Solid brass rivets on pockets* The classic brass rivet button flyOrdered in white these arrived quickly, wrapped in plastic with tags of authenticity. The fit and feel is marvelous and the price is sensational. Macy's and other stores sell 501's for twice this amount. The slim fit isn't constrictive nor are they pre-washed so expect a few washings before they feel like a second skin.Highest Recommendation!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The quality of this item is very good, the reason I rated it 3 stars is because it is very hard to size these correctly.  I've just ordered my third pair, hopefully these will be right.  I went to the carhartt website and ordered as they suggested, the first pair was too large, the second too small, I hope the third will be just right.  I would suggest you try these on in a store first to get the right size.  Amazon's return policy and quick shipping has been top notch, the only thing is I have to return and re-order rather than return for an exchange.Edit:  Well the third pair did not fit me like I would have liked, but it will have to do.  Try these on before you buy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I like the Keen concept, but they are cheaply built and unacceptable as a beach sandal.  I have the black model and they have turned a dark purple.  The sun or salt water may have caused the change.  I wore them everyday during my Culebra vacation.  The shoes are not sturdy enough to use on a gravel beach.  When I hiked a rocky path, I had to be careful or I would twist my ankle.  My companion wore Teva sandals they proved to be a better casual sandal."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love Dickies products. They fit nicely, look good and, most importantly, last a long time due to the rugged construction. I only wear short-sleeved shirts because I'm always hot. The shirt and the color are perfect for me to wear in my business casual work environment. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because, when you take it out of the plastic bag that it comes in, it has a pesticide smell to it. You really have to wash it before wearing to get rid of the smell. But, I do understand why they treat the shirts with the pesticide, it sure beats the alternative."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The quality of Levis jeans seems to be a decline, an endless abyss. The back label, which supposedly should be leather, cardboard seems now. The jeans manufactured in Mexico and Egypt are the worst labels or at least, in my experience, has been. I think there should be more oversight by Levis in its factories around the world. Previously, a Levis jeans was a piece \"almost perfect\", today I can not say the same. I totally agree with all the people who are disappointed with diminishing quality of these jeans."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "KSwiss Classic Luxury sneakers are one of the most comfortable sneakers there are, especially for being as simple, less bulky as they are.On the inside, they are very cushiony, especially the sole. My husband wanted a simple, comfortable, black sneaker to wear when he does security work now and then &#34;on the side.&#34; He needed something that would be good for standing/walking long 12 hr nights and did not want something too expensive as he only does this a few times a year, for certain events. These sneakers fit the bill perfectly and were our first choice since they fit every aspect we were looking for.They are simple, but look great with anything. I have been wearing them myself for decades, but this was my husband's first pair. He was very happy with them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It's hard to order shoes online without trying them on.  I'm a consistent size 8, so it doesn't scare me too much.  The seller recommended going up a half a size from what you normally wear, so I did.  I must say that I'm glad I did!  These fit perfectly!  Not saying that an 8 would have been too small, but the 8.5 fits perfectly.  These are easy to get on, using the loop in the back, and &#34;lace&#34; up quickly and easily.  These are easily the most comfortable shoes out of the box that I've ever bought.  They are thickly padded, have toe-protection, and don't look as clunky as the pictures in person.  So far, highly recommended."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Ah, actually... Some of us retired gray-beards in my neighborhood decided to form an &#34;Old Codgers&#34; club, and denim overalls are the approved uniform. We wear them while sitting in the shade, feeding the birds, and talking about our ailments. These Dickies overalls are great for that purpose! There are pockets enough for phone, watch & chain, pocket knife, handkerchief, wallet, sunflower seeds,whatever the aspiring Codger needs during his day. The material is quite durable, without being too heavy.They do come a bit long, but that is because they are meant to be worn with turned-up cuffs. All things considered, I highly recommend them!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got these as a gift for myself, great quality, sturdy, comfortable to wear, I don't even feel they're there! They're a bit bigger than I expected, maybe next time I'll go for the smaller thicker ones on offer here at Amazon (if they go on sale! hint hint!) Even with my long curly hair they show. I'm very satisfied.Update: More than a year later and these earrings are perfect, I even sleep with them. They get mega abuse and they're still going strong."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Worth every penny, especially if you wait for them to go on sale.  Try one pair to start, because they may not be your thing, but I find they give slight support and chaffing protection both while wearing slacks and blue jeans.  The waist band of many other brands has been a problem for me in the past, but these have given me only minor comfort issues, usually revolving around the rise of my slacks or jeans coupled with my belt while sitting down.  The only way to avoid this completely is to have them painted on I think.  Have not tested their extreme adventure utility yet, but they have served me well on a trip back home to see the parents, and the packability made them easy to get into a crowded carry on."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These Smartwool trekking socks are great for everyday winter wear in the cold weather.  I wear them around the house and they keep my feet warm and if I need to throw on some boots and take my dog for a walk or run out, they keep my feet warm in the outdoor weather.  They are cushioned but not so much that you can't wear them with regular sneakers.  Smartwool socks are the best I have found for winter socks to keep my feet warm.  My only recommendation is to make sure you get the right sized socks because if they are too tight, even a little too tight, it will reduce circulation which creates cold feet.  I would recommend these to anyone looking for a warm winter sock."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is my second purchase of these Wigwam brand hiking/outdoor socks. I now have seven pair. Why so many? These are the single best socks I have ever used. They are all synthetic, warm in winter, good in summer, no blisters, chafing, no wet feet, fit perfectly (I wear mens 9 shoe and use the Large size instead of the recommended medium), and look good. Turn them inside-out when you wash them in the machine, use no bleach, and they might outlast your hiking shoes. Socks are really important in walking comfort. I am an urban hiker and have always been pleased how warm my feet are all winter now that I use these artificial fiber socks instead of wool. Cotton? Forget it. These are the best - worth every penny. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Interestingly, these do not keep your hands warm...they just keep them from being cold.  When you are hiking, running or doing other things in the cold your hands tend to get cold and can really ruin an activity.  Gloves, however, can make  your hands overheat while doing physical activities.  These just keep your hands at a normal temperature so you do not even think about them.  They are knit and gripping is pretty much non existent.  But for running, walking, or hiking out in the cold, they are great."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "While it takes a good 4 or 5 washes to soften up, I am very pleased with these pants. They have a nice wide leg opening so they have room to breath, room to bend, while I don't work anymore, if I did these would be great work pants because you can move around easily in them and the knees are reinforced both great qualities for trades people. My only complaints would be that the front pockets are cut at a slant that if you lay down in them or even sitting in the car your change/keys fall out of your pockets. The other complaint is that they come with a crease in them and while the crease came out after several washes and a few passes with an iron, I don't see the need for the crease in work pants. Otherwise I would highly recommend these to anyone looking to put forth a little effort to get a great pair of work pants that I think will last quite a whle."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've been buying this bra for many years,  however it was about 4  years ago when I bought the last one.  This new one just doesn't seem like the same quality that it used to be.  I ordered two Wacoal bras,  they are both made in two different places.  This one is made in Dominican Republic,  the other one in China.  The one from China seems like the old  Wacoal quality and worth the money.  This one does not,  and it certainly in my opinion isn't worth what it cost.  The cup fabric looks as if it would wear out quickly to me."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This was a good jacket for the price.  I ordered a size up, and it seems to fit nicely with a little room to spare on hubby.  The outside is a really heavy duck material, which is awesome for yucky job sites. It washed and dried well without shrinking noticeably. The inside has a thermal (think thermal under shirt) lining that's not particuarly impressive.  There's no material between the coat shell and the thermal, so it's not insulated at all.  But it'll work great protecting whatever my husband is wearing underneath from work funk, and that was the point!  It does have a neat little interior pocket for a cellphone, which I thought was a nice touch."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These Fishnet stockings are really well made!  I've worn them three times now and they look as good as they did when I put them on the first time.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the fact that they ARE NOT made to stand up on their own, like the picture would have you believe. There is nothing sewn into the stocking to help it stay up either, so it's not that they just don't stay up.  They are made to be worn with a garter, so it would have been helpful if they had presented them that way, instead of using the picture they did.  I think that's why the model is holding her legs together...to keep the stockings up for the half second it took to take the picture. ;)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased this for my 2 year old niece who always wants to wear our watches.  It's a very cute watch, the lizards move across the face like a second hand.  The band is elastic, so once it's fitted for a small wrist you can just pull it off without re-sizing.  Another pro, Timex kids watches come with a ''warranty'' that if the child loses the watch within 12 months of the purchase date, you can buy another for $10."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love this undershirt. I bought one (along with the leggins) last winter to wear under my XC ski clothing. Next I took it on a 5wk walk across Spain this spring. Although I didn't need to wear it much on the walk I lent it to several of my friends who were walking with me and who needed a little extra warmth! My sister was one and I promised her one for her birthday! I found it quite roomy and could have probably bought a medium for myself....hence I bought the medium for my sister. It can be squished into a ziplock bag taking no space in your pack. It is warm and washes and dries quickly overnight. All in all a very useful item for travelling!Jenn, BC"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got this for my husband who is a flatbed truck driver. He was complaining about being cold and not having a coat because most are just too bulky for what he has to do. I thought that this would be a happy medium between a lightweight jacket and a heavy coat. He says that it keeps him relatively warm on chilly days and on the really cold days he just layers it with his fleece jacket and stays relatively comfortable. He believes it should be durable to hold up to the rigors of his job as well which is nice, considering how much clothing he has torn up working."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Our family loves hiking.  We all have an appropriate pair of these socks.  Living in a very hot climate, these socks do get a little warm.  However, price and quality make these socks a worthwhile purchase.I've even been known to wear these as my work socks.  As someone who works in a school and is on his feet most of the day, these socks are both confortable and stylish enough for daily wear.I would like to be able to compare them against another brand which claims to be cooler."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have been using this string bikini for over 30 years....then, department stores stopped carrying them because they \"don't sell as well\". Now, I found them online and I am back wearing them. They are ALL cotton-therefore breathable and comfortable besides looking good on you as they are nicely-styled (read \"sexy\", the picture with model's tummy facing the right does them more justice). My dermatologist recommends all-cotton panties. And these are that and look great..NO granny panties! The cotton-encased elasting band is VERY comfortable, keeps its elasticity even when the product wears out finally and protects skins afflicted with latex intolerance (my problem) or allergy. The bikni over all is sturdy and lasts and lasts. I highly recommend them. I thank Jockey for still making them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My daughter's wanted watches and we wanted them to be able to tell time on an analog clock....something that most teens and many adults we know do not know how to do. We love these and so do our girls!! I bought one for both my daughters for Christmas (age 6 and 9). Both can tell time with it like champs and I only had to explain how it worked once! The bands are comfortable and fully adjustable so they fit even my youngest securely! It is also soft enough that it doesn't bother my youngest daughter's eczema that is always an issue at her wrists :) My girls are excited still (5 months later) every time they get to tell somebody what time it is :) Everyone is very happy!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These shoes have the most inferior insole of any walking shoe. If you want to add a decent insole, you won't have much breathing room for your foot. The shoes overall aren't as comfortable as everybody is saying, but I have a slightly wide foot. I am fine when I wear my New Balance shoes with a width of D. I do believe that this shoe isn't what it used to be. They are a decent pair of shoes for someone on a budget. I bought theRockport Men's Ct Sport Oxfordwhen I bought these, and highly suggest those. Those shoes have a much better insole, and the shoe breathes well."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My bad! I thought that I had ordered women's shoes. When I went back to review the ad after having received men's, I actually couldn't find anything in the ad bold enough to say &#34;men's&#34; or &#34;women's&#34;, but what should have caught my attention was the shoe sizing. I purchased 8.5, but didn't realize it was expressed in men's sizing. Sometimes European shoe sizes are expressed weirdly, so I just attributed the sizing description to that, although I knew full well that Sperry's are American. Anyway, my bad.Sperry shoes are great! Just make sure you order shoes that suit your gender."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered the 38 F/G/H even though I wear a J in most bras, and this actually fit me very well; I'm surprised at the other reviews that say it fits small. They're fairly supportive for a leisure bra. I wear these all the time, even out shopping.Edit: I wrote the above based on the black ones I ordered. I made another order of the black with tan dots, and they were much smaller, particularly vertically. I can still wear them, but they're not as comfortable, and for the most part I just wear them over other bras.Edit: ordered more plain black ones, and they fit as before. Strange that the fit would vary by color."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have always been a fan of the 501 fit, I wore them exclusively through high school.  Funny that doesn't even really date me, they are a classic.I was very pleased to see that the styling was slightly updated and this turned out to be an even better pair of jeans than I expected.The one downside I found was the button fly.  This didn't bother me soo much when I was younger but now I would much prefer a zipper to dealing with buttons.  Perhaps it is because I generally wear a belt now and it is very difficult to do the buttons up without undoing the belt and top button."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was hesitant to purchase these because of the price until I saw all of the reviews.  What made me look for these in the first place was when I noticed my husband's underwear had several holes and when I asked why he wasn't throwing them out he said he liked to wear them while working on the yard b/c he sweats so much and it helps to have the ventilation!  So I found these and decided to give them a try.  He loves them, and asked for more.  He sweats a lot and they keep him from getting chafed and chapped.  They wash well and are dry in just a few minutes so I don't have to put the in the dryer.  Great product!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I received this bra today, and was eager to at least try it on.  It is comfortable, BUT, it seems like it's a little smaller than what I am used for for a 44.  It feels like it's a 40 or 42.  It seems like it will roll up, either on the sides or back.  I've had bras that do that and this one feels like it will do it, but it hasn't done it so far, so maybe it's just me.  Be careful if you have rings on and you are putting this on.  I nicked it a little and pulled out some of the thread with my ring.  I don't see how because there's nothing sharp or sticking out on my ring.  I just took a lighter and burnt the thread down.  Overall, it is a fairly decent bra, it is comfy and pretty stretchy, just don't get anything around it that may get a hold of the threads in it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased this to use under a vintage 1950s gown with a nipped waist. I was sure it would ache immediately but I was able to comfortably wear it for hours, to a wedding, and dance without problem. I liked it so much I've been finding reasons to use it with other dresses as well, and I purchased one in black too.I'm one of those people that is a different size for the waist than the hip, and rather than following the recommendations to go with the larger size (in my case, hip) I ordered the size appropriate for my waist, wanting more control there. Because of this the lower seam tends to roll up, but generally stays put. There are hooks for garters so if you were to use this with thigh high stockings, I'm sure it would take care of the problem with the bottom end rolling up a little."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "For years I resisted purchasing Keen's shoes because they are expensive and frankly, somewhat ugly. But in the summer when I need to do a bit of walking, I find that flipflops or regular sandals just aren't comfortable enough for me if I have to walk or be on my feet for more than an hour. What I've been doing is to wear a pair of leather Keds which are comfortable but in the Texas heat, I'd really rather not. These sandals are fantastic and very much worth the money to me! I get the benefit of a sandal with the long-term comfort and sturdiness of a more substantial shoe."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I recently purchased these panties based on the reviews. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality, price and fit. Being a male I was looking for a panty that appeared more to be a unisex style. The panties fit very well and are so much more comfortable than my old male underwear with the fly. The cotton in these panties is softer and more condensed. I have now thrown most of my old underwear out and will continue buying these panties as replacements. The wide gusset and the elastic leg bands make for a perfect fit for a male. I would highly recommend these panties to anyone, male or female."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wanted small earrings to wear for every day, that I could also sleep in.  I need to wear white gold since I am cannot wear silver or inexpensive fashion earrings due to a sensitivity to those metals.I have fair skin and dark hair, but you can still see these.  You could also wear them in a second hole in your ear higher up if you piercings there.Someone else commented that they are about the size of a dime.  I would agree.  They are very well made, though, and lightweight. With the high cost of gold these days, they are worth the money."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is the 6th pair of Keen shoes I have owned but my first pair of sandals. I love them. I tried on all the different styles in the store and these were the most comfortable. They are great for walking in the summer because they offer comfort and support but are vented more than sneakers and IMO look better with shorts.I wore these to Sleeping Bear Dunes on our vacation last week (big mistake) and sand got pretty heavily imbedded in the foot beds. I took a toothbrush to them when we got home and it all came out pretty effortlessly. I love that they are machine washable too.Another great thing about Keens is that they come in size 10.5!  Most brands skip 10.5 and go right to 11. I am a 10.5 and these run true to size. 11 would be too big.I love these every bit as much as the shoes I've purchased. I wear out every pair I get, I use them so much."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "...this one's just &#34;okay.&#34;  It's basically more of a glorified wallet.  It has a lot of organization in it, but it's so small that you can't do much.  In one side pocket I have a little Vera Bradley journal.  In the other side pocket a tiny credit card wallet and lipstick.  The main compartment is big enough for my Epi-Pen, a pill case, my cell phone, and one Baggu, and that's it.  I've ordered a Le Sportsac Frame Bag and that will replace this as soon as it arrives."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "the last time i travelled i got one of the waist ones, and it was so annoying i never used it.  i haven't yet really used this one but i already feel much better about it.  i tried it out when i first opened the box when it came and wore it for a bit around my neck.  i don't like the toggle, but i doubled up the strap and tucked the toggle in the top flap of the stash and it works great.  i also wrapped it around my calf just below my knee to see if that would work too.  it worked just fine and i might wear it there when i wear my boots. i'm not sure if it really needs all those different departments, but that's ok. i don't think it's too big or too small."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Ok the title is based on Julie Sarinana  check out her blog and you too will see why.  The shoes arrived on time to my girlfriend house.  A perfect fit she said, as she is wearing a mens 4.5 for her 6.5.  Strange I know but that how they are listed.  I purchased these Converse in White Canvas shoes for my little asian cutie she is 5'1&#34;  and maybe 118lbs.  My girlfriend will be wearing these new Canvas Converse at Disneyland.  She'll copy the amazing fashion style recommendation in Sincerely Jules  web site.  The complete outfit for the day at disney:  Tangerine Sweatshirt, Crisp WHITE Roxy Cotton Shorts, Sneakers: White Canvas Converse Chuck Taylors, Sunglasses: Karen Walker.  Another great purchase.  Enjoy your All Star White Canvas Shoes.  I am sure enjoy my asian cutie wearing hers."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This jacket is not meant to keep you warm in freezing temperature. It is good for running a few miles or wearing it over a sweater on a rainy day. I got an Extra Small Maroon and it's 35 inches around the chest area and 32 on the waist area.It can be rolled up to a ball and doesn't take a lot of space if you take it on a trip. It is durable and VERY light weight. It is water resistant and the hood covers your head, if you zip it all the way up it covers your mouth and just leaves your eyes and your nose exposed. Recommended for those who are always out hiking in the morning or joggers in cold weather. If you wear this on a 40 degree weather you will feel the temperature for sure. The color is nice and design is simple. The fabric is thin, almost like an umbrella and durable."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "when I first bought it I was afraid he wouldn't like it, since it wasn't Iron man, or anything of that sort. But he was so excited that he made me write down the table chart for multiples of fives for the living room so he can reference it and find the time. The watch also is glow in the dark! which i didn't know. and its waterproof....he still hasn't taken it off. He said &#34;my daddy has a watch, and now I have a watch. Mine is better though because I have lizards.&#34;"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a great bra. It's comfortable and provides good support. I also like the shape of it. It comes down low enough so I can wear lowcut tops without the cups peeking out. It also doesn't ride up my back, which is a plus. I've had that problem before.My only complaint is that after a while (say, a few months), it does start to stretch out a little bit, so it's not as supportive as it was in the beginning. That said, I really like this bra and I continue to buy it simply because I haven't found any other bras that I like as much as this one."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm a nurse that works on the cardiac floor of a busy hospital where anytime something can turn. I wear the most comfortable footwear but I was really starting to feel the aching in my legs. When I saw these I tried them and have been delighted. Not only do they take the aching out of my legs but their firm support steadies my ankles while the padding cushions the pounding on my feet. I'm not slipping in my footwear which can throw my back out. If your a nurse, I highly suggest them. I went back to my old socks for only one night and said &#34;never again.&#34;"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Although I haven't kept up with the lessons as I should have, I have learned a lot of Italian with only the first level. I spoke some dialect, but have conjugation issues! This is most assuredly the best program I've used to learn Italian. I have the older version too, and I like the new audio-visual matching; it's different from the older version and moves a lot faster.With this version, you can move at your own pace a lot easier, and see your mistakes sooner, which is helpful.Not only does this have visual learning, and learning by audio, but also by speaking, and comparing your pronunciation to that of a native speaker, which I think is the most helpful part of the software. The way the teaching of the language is set up, is I believe, the closest to learning it naturally with native speakers. I highly recommend this software...grazie!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Love, love, love this cosmetic bag! I can't say enough positive things about this bag. It works perfect for my needs. I have always found it frustrating digging through bags trying to find the bottle I need. This solves that problem being able to where everything is at a glance. The smaller pockets at the top fit things like band-aids, chap stick, and nail clippers while the middle sized ones are the perfect size for travel sized sample bottles. The larger pockets at the bottom are perfect for several larger 12 oz bottles such as sunblock and hairspray. The bag then folds in half to lay flat fitting perfect in a carry on."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Well I love Dickie's stuff, so I'm biased. Hey, their work clothes hold their shape without ironing, they are water resistant, stain resistant, don't tear easily, and are not expensive. I needed this for my job which requires black or white shirt and I needed long sleeves to cover my tattoos. I am not tall, and my arms aren't that long, but these sleeves were actually perfect for me. I can't say that about most XL button downs I have with long sleeves. I can actually wear a large but I like my work shirts a bit loose so I can move around better without untucking the thing. It is long so stays tucked in pretty good. For wearing untucked it's a bit long but okay enough. I will order more of these just to wear to go to dog park, or even go out swing dancing watching my friend's rockabilly bands."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wanted to try out the boxer briefs since I was starting to get tired of the issues related to boxers alone.  I got these and another brand on here and man did that change my way of thinking.  I love these boxer briefs.  They are comfortable, plenty of support, and look good too!  I bought 3 more pairs just 1 week after wearing these.  I highly recommend these.  I will probably buy some more so that I have a pair for each day of the week!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wanted to have the title summarize my thoughts if you decide not to read the entire review.  My granddaughter likes the Shining Image Jewelry Box given to her for a birthday gift from Grandma.  I wish the drawers were deeper for holding her many necklaces.  Also, I wish the drawers had a stop, preventing the drawers from tipping contents entirely when trying to remove one piece of jewelry.  My granddaughter is only five years old, so having the background knowledge of knowing when to stop the action of pulling the drawer from the base requires practice.  I, on the other hand, have had lacks of years of practice with jewelry drawers, but also struggle with removing the drawer without spilling the contents."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I almost always order Bali bras because they are true to size.  I ordered 44DDD and it fits me perfectly and is very comfortable for maybe half a day.  After about 5 hours the underwire started to poke under my arms.  I much prefer not to wear any bra with an underwire because they are notoriously uncomfortable, but apparently there are none in my size.  The covering on the underwire is quite soft and cushiony but still the wires poke through into my under arms.  I am disappointed but maybe I am ordering the wrong size."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The overall design of this bra is good - but the fit is not.  It fits too tightly and is very uncomfortable. ( I wondered if it would loosen up, eventually, but don't know if I could wear it long enough for that to happen!)  I wear these types of bras when I work out with a trainer - usually comfortable and I don't have to worry about straps slipping, etc.  But, this bra is just too tight and uncomfortable. I have already worn it - so - I guess it will go in the give away  box!  I usually really like Wacoal bras, so I was disappointed."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am a big fan of Fantasie bras, and this one is exceptionally pretty, well-made AND supportive.  It's also very sexy and with the matching panties, just the sort of lingerie I hope to be wearing should I end up in an ambulance or the hospital (I've been told they really DO check out the underwear by two reliable sources.)  If you're larger busted and not typically a fan of the balcony style, take a chance on this bra and I have a feeling you'll be happy with your purchase."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am a 38DDD and this is the best sports bra I have ever owned. I was so tired of looking for a bra that fit and provided adequate support.  I stumbled across this one from a recommendation on Oprah.  Finally, something advertised on TV that actually works.  This is my fourth time to purchase this bra and I will never try anything else unless it's free.  I play several softball games per week, year around and these bras hold up well for a couple of years of weekly washing and wearing.  If you are a large busted woman this WILL be the last brand of sports bra you ever buy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The price is a bit high, as you can get this at Walmart for much less, but I have found that Walmart sells \"seconds\" or defective material most of the time.  For work, seconds or defective material is usually not a problem with me; I just want to let people know, that cheaper in price usually means cheaper in quality.If you are not familiar with this type of fabric, wear an undershirt as you will have \"wear spots\" in places that you usually don't have with all cotton material.  It's best to break your skin in slowly over time if you are like me and don't wear undershirts.  The sore spots I'm talking about is your nipples.  I hope Amazon allows me to use that word."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Good quality product. The waist is true to size. Fits well. The legs however are quite loose. Loosest relaxed fit I have ever seen. Depends on what you are looking for. Great to work in if you squat or bend your legs. Lots of room. They feel really great. Almost like you are not wearing any pants. Very comfortable. I feel they look a bit funny for like wearing out. I have refered to them as my clown pants.LOL.. However I do like them. I would rather have them too loose opposed to being too tight. If you are looking for a work pant I recomend them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm very pleased with this purchase, especially having bought them during an Amazon sale.  The blue is clear and bright, the setting is secure, and they fit well on the ears.  The post is a little higher than center so I often find myself turning them to be sure they are falling correctly, but it really doesn't make a difference.  The white gold really complements the blue and I much prefer these set in white rather than yellow gold because of the very cool color of the stones.  For those who have light colored eyes, these are especially complementary.  I have received numerous compliments when wearing these and I wear these very, very often, sometimes not removing them for weeks at a time."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this item to attach the handle of a backpack to a 22&#34; carryon.  The strap is well constructed, but the minimum length is too long to avoid your backpack from dragging the ground when pulling the carryon. A laptop bag or purse is fine, but not anything as vertically high as a backpack.  I purchased the Travelon bungee cord for this purpose and will try it on my next trip.  I'd shorten the minimum length of this thing and it would be fine.  Otherwise, it will be fine with a checked bag coupled with a smaller carryon or purse/backpack. But for smaller luggage, not so much."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Sizing: I'm 6'3, 220, 37 waist.  The large seems to be too big. They are little loose like boxers, especially in the crotch.  For $18, I would not go this route again.  Hanes sport boxer briefs at the store are about $3 cheaper and fit a whole lot better.  These exofficios also ride up the leg with general wear.Drying:  I did try out the speedy wash/dry.  Yes, they dry quickly.  This is a bonus; however, I have not compared this to other makes with the same general material. Is it really that special?  I don't know, maybe I am missing something.  But these boxer briefs don't seem to be worth the money I paid."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "great bra, runs big in  the cups....I am small in the back, but, this, the cups not for me anywayHad to return mine, even though I did try it on in a hurry, purchased the bra, and had to return both...I am a 36 DD, very nice, cups run big.  I am a 36 DD in all bras, this one, not to good.....Fav bras, Bali new \"comfort bra\" awesome, Bali \"t back bra\", Gap,\" full coverage lace\", and my very fav. \"Champion everday bra\", wonderful, perfect fitting in each styleSo beware...."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "ROckport Men's World Tour walking shoes just fit.  Requires virtually no break in period, and its look is timeless. This isn't a shoe for formal wear, but it does well for dressed down business or walking about.  The sole is balanced, giving good lateral stability as well as great support.  There is ample toe room with the gradually rounded toe.  The one complaint if there is one is that Rockport could do well to invest more in laces that don't come undone easily.Otherwise, it is the most comfortable shoe and a good value.And the sole of the shoe won't break apart in two year as does the Ecco brand."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I really wanted to like this bra. Well, I really wanted it to fit. I have a short torso, so the wires on this bra are simply too long, and poked me in the arm pit as soon as I sat down. If you are petite, this bra might not be the best shape/size for your frame.Despite that issue, the cup size was also a little large - I am typically a G cup, but another site recommends an F for this bra company. I would recommend trying a cup down if you are above a D size.The fabric on the bra is pretty and I love the sheer look. I would have loved to have been able to keep the bra."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Jeans that fit well and actually sit AT the natural waist, these are them. So many of the recognizable brands of jeans makers out there are producing product that sit below the natural waist. And I think we all know what that translates to when one sits, bends or crouches. Frankly, I don't want to see that, and I don't think others do either. Thank you Carhartt for recognizing this.The B18 Trad-fit jean fits comfortably. They have the right amount of room in all the places one needs the right amount of room without the baggy-ness. These are REAL jeans, not those single stitch, thin denim things sold by the people with sail boats on their catalog covers.  Made of nice, sturdy denim with solid construction, these will hold up well on the work-site. And, if you're a casual social event type, their quality construction and good looks pair well with a shirt and sports coat.Nice jeans that can both work and play."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "MY HUSBAND FARMS, WELDS, CLEARS FENCE LINES, CUTS TIMBER, ETC AND ALWAYS WEARS OUT OR RIPS  THE DENIM JEANS DOWN THE THIGHS WHILE THE REST OF THE FABRIC LOOKS LIKE NEW. GOT 2 PAIR (ONE ON AND ONE IN THE WASH) JUST TO SEE HOW THEY'D WEAR. AT LAST A PAIR OF JEANS EVEN HE COULDN'T RUIN. TIGHTLY WOVEN DUCK MATERIAL WITH DOUBLE THIGH FABRIC WON'T GET RIPPED UP BY BRIARS AND UNDERBRUSH. WON'T FRAY FROM 80# HAY BALES RUBBING AGAINST HIM AS HE CARRIES THEM. DIESEL FUEL ROLLS OFF THE TIGHTLY WOVEN FABRIC AND BACKHOE GREASE SCRAPES RIGHT OFF. REAR POCKETS ARE TACKED ON SO TIGHT EVEN GETTING CAUGHT ON TREE BRANCHES AS HE'S RUNNING THE BACKHOE WONT TEAR THEM. THESE JEANS WEAR LIKE IRON AND LAST LONGER THAN 4-6 PAIRS OF HIS DENIM ONES. YOU'LL PAY MORE FOR THEM BUT STILL SAVE MONEY SINCE THEY LAST SO LONG."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These pants are very well made and durable.  The stitching is strong, and well-aligned.  The extra side pockets are sized just right for my phone, as I don&#8217;t like putting my phone in the other pockets.  The size is spot on, while the darker color is very nice.  These jeans also have seven belt loops; other brands only have six.  The pockets are extra deep.  The waist is slightly taller than other jeans I have; that is the button is higher up my waist than others, but it is not uncomfortable.  Overall, very impressive jeans."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've purchased the 3mm, 4mm, 5mm sizes in the past. I was happy with all, but not with this new pair of 5mm size. These are from a different manufacturer/supplier, Leach and Garner. While they look good, the posts are very slippery and the backs don't stay on tight, slipping off very, very easily. I have thin to average ear lobes, but found I couldn't wear these without them falling off (potentially, getting lost). Otherwise, they would have been fine. I returned them and would not buy this pair again."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The Skagen 233LTTN men's watch is good-looking and so thin that you barely notice it under a dress shirt cuff.  The band is easy to adjust and of course it keeps great time.  I bought one of the &#34;in&#34; big, clunky watches and had to give it up because it was just too uncomfortable to wear under a shirt and suit jacket.  The Skagen is a dream - as comfortable as the old Universal-Geneve I used to own and just as handsome.  This is a great watch!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I started wearing this type New Balance slide-on about 10 years ago during a bout of plantar fasciitis.  I was advised to a) wear only New Balance shoes and b) don't take even a single step barefoot.  For months I wore New Balance running shoes to work and I used these slip-ons as bedroom slippers.  Well, eventually my feet felt better and I could wear normal shoes to the office, but I have continued to wear these shoes as my slippers and house shoes and go-get-the-newspaper shoes.  Sometimes I also run errands in them.  They are versatile, comfortable, and supportive.  Because of the little lip at the heel your foot is held in the shoe so they don't slide off like a lot of clogs.  I love these shoes and wouldn't be without a pair."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love this nursing bra. It's super comfy and fairly supportive. But, it fits like a sports bra, giving you a &#34;uni-boob&#34;. Especially if you have a larger chest like me. However, it's perfect for wearing around the house! The one thing I don't like about this bra is the line on the side of your boob. It shows under clothes and can be annoying. As a side note, I wear a 42H while nursing and the Double Plus XL fits just fine. :)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got the Sandstone Active Jacket in &#34;mushroom&#34; color, which is exactly as shown in the picture -- it's a tan color but more brown than beige.  This jacket - above all - was a great value. I'm not sure if I got an off season discount or what, but when I saw it I jumped on it.  The jacket itself is great. I have owned three of these in my lifetime and they're pretty hard to destroy.  Mine just got to looking kind of ratty after many years, and need replacement.  The quilted flannel lining is warm enough for sub-freezing temps with layers underneath.  This is the original work wear jacket. I have seen a bunch of knock offs, but Carhartt is still the king. It's not about the label, it's about the quality."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The idea is that you can take a couple pairs of these and wear one while you wash the other in a sink, minimizing the underwear you have to bring on a trip. The problem is that they don't feel that comfortable. There is little to not support, and they feel sort of scratchy on my skin. I always know they are there.Underwear doesn't take that much space so when packing it isn't a problem to take a few extra, and honestly my Under Armour does not wash inferiorly."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Pretty much every construction worker seems to own a pair of these, in classic Carhartt brown. Every semi-feral hobo kid seems to have these, or the overalls, or the double-fronted ones in black (to hide the dirt.) I wear them because they're the hardest-wearing, most comfortable work pants for the money, very close to the gold standard (Duluth Trading Company edges them out on quality by half a notch, but their stuff costs more.)Not only do the pants last longer than the GAP and Dockers pants, they also meet most peoples' contemporary standards of casual attire, and don't look out of place with a polo or Oxford shirt. Once broken-in, they're quite comfortable, with a loose but not baggy cut that can fit over a pair of long johns without chafing in cold weather. They've made jeans obsolete in my wardrobe, being tougher and much better-looking street clothes. Good stuff--buy a pair if you haven't already."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've never seen a modestly sized bag hold so much stuff, comfortably.  I have a couple larger bags that -technically- hold more, but in some weird configuration so that I'm always packing and unpacking.  Domke bags are designed by a photographer for photographers, and it shows.  I started filling this bag, and just 'knew' where to put everything - and I don't have to remove more than one item to get to whatever I need.  Comes out of the box looking a bit 'lived in', and not obviously a camera bag, which is a plus when traveling.  The metal clips that back up the velcro top closure could be easier to manipulate, but -- great bag!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I tried one pair of the Spanx Power Panties (I ordered two pairs) and discovered the Spanx looked like a glorified panty hose. Yup. They reminded me of the girdle-type panty hose toppers. I also discovered the Spanx run a bit small as I ordered the size suggested using the Amazon size chart. I should have gone up one size.I'd suggest saving your money and buying a pair of girdle-type panty hose. They are cheaper and if you are wearing the panty hose for their girdle power they'll last a long time.I'm sending the second pair back, and would have sent both, except when I was attempting to try on the first pair the Spanx panty snagged. Not fair to send it back to the seller, so I will keep the Spanx Power Panty; and squeeze into it when needed.Recommend with caveats given."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Tried the rest and buying again the best.My previous pair of World Tour Classic was 14 XW, but Rockport stopped making extra wide in size 14.So, I risked and ordered 14 W. It's the winner! Still not tight and good support from the bottom.Rockport World Tour Classic makes the most comfortable and durable shoes I've ever owned.My previous pair of the same lasted for almost 7 years. Still looks good. The bottom is getting worn out though, but what do you want from a 7 year old shoes.Tried a few pairs of Dunham because they make size 14 4E, but they were completely uncomfortable (the platform is almost not bendable). Those went back.Thinking of buying a different color of the same shoes now.Wear them to work and whenever else have to wear the pants."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The plastic compartments are more sturdy than I expected with thicker see thru plastic. The compartment sizes are perfecto!!! This bag has big, medium, and small compartments and hold any travel sized or regular sized toilettres. Meaning its not a rip off ! Alot of these bags marketing 87 pockets or 100 pockets have tiny little compartments that barely hold a finger nail polish or lip stick.  This bag suits the needs of a real traveler and you dont have but you can buy travel sized tolilettres. Its zippered  on each compartment row , so you dont have to worry about things falling out or becoming disarray. It also has a velcro snap so that you can fold the bag and keep it closed. It also has a hanger . Perfecto!! I will actually buy another one of these while they are available and at this price."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "i absolutely love these shirts for work and for play. i am 5'10\" 185lbs and on the muscular/beefy side and i wear a medium. everything else in the world, i wear a large. even the t shirt under my Dickies shirt (that i am wearing as we speak) is a large. i never need to iron these shirts and they look great and hold up well for the ship work, construction work, and office work that i do. if Dickies could get their sizing more consistent i would buy more of their products."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered these when my local store didn't have the right size & color combination. The jeans arrived promptly, packaged in a plastic bag (inside a soft plastic shipping bag). The fit was exactly the same as my other 505s and identical in every other way, too. (If you're new to 505s, they fit something like 1&#34; larger than stated, e.g., 30&#34; stated size fits an actual waist size of about 31&#34;)Inspect the photos carefully, since there are lot of color options. I've had both the light and dark stonewash colors, which are even in their shading (none of the fake &#34;worn&#34; areas). Enjoy!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am a relatively small woman with naturally large breasts.  As such I have never been able to wear a bra without an underwire.  However, when I got pregnant and found my once comfortable C cups very full Ds, it became painful to sleep without a bra.  I purchased this bra with the hopes to find relief while I slept from both the breast tenderness and the soreness associated with the underwire bras I was used to.  It was heaven sent!  I couldn't believe something as soft and gentle as a t-shirt could provide just the right amount of support to keep me contained but comfortable.  I had to come back and order more!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "there are alot of rip-offs for under armour products these days and I'm not gonna lie... I've tried a few of them to save a little money. but i ended up being very disappointed every time. then going back and spending extra just to buy the under armour to replace it. it is such a great line of products, and very versatile. i use it for hunting, i use it for running, i use it at work. it's worth the extra money because i know whenever i buy under armour, it's going to be a solid product. keep up the great work."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The kids just love this. Why---no clue. I ordered it because my friend asked me to order it for her daughter, so I ordered 2---one for my daughter as well. We live in the caribbean, where it's hot, so a thick plush backpack is something you don't want to have on your back. The color is cute too, but I can see it easily getting soiled. I didn't let this backpack out of the house, and ended up giving it to another child.I liked the pull-out map feature that comes attached to it though. The flap stays closed with a magnetic closure. Good size."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I just received my bra in the mail and I am so happy.  I am a 36F (I bought a size 2) and this is the first sports bra that actually fits without making my breasts ooze out in my arm pits.  I have run around the house, jumped up and down and no bounce, NONE! Yay! I will be using it for roller derby and hopefully I will stop getting penalties for having my elbows out because I couldn't tuck them close to my body.  This really feels like my centre of gravity has changed.  Very pleased. Oh and my husband says it's very flattering also."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It gives you room to keep your passport (even in a leather passport coverAmerican Tourister Leather Passport Cover), credit cards, important papers, and even has room for some money, and keeps it in a secure place around your neck.  You can keep it tucked between your shirt and t-shirt for security and still get easy access to whatever you need in it.  It is of lightweight nylon construction that doesn't make you hot where you carry it.Don't travel without it!Pluses:Prime eligibleSmall, lightweight, but holds a good bit of 'stuff'Minuses:None at this time"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I live in flip flops, but my feet tend to hurt if I walk in them too much, for example in the mall.  However, this is not a problem with my Slap 2's.  Amazing cushiony comfort, it really does feel like walking on a cloud (as one reviewer said).I'm a 6.5 usually, so decided to go with the 6, and I'm glad that I did.  It fits nicely.  The sandal itself looks very durable. What I like most about this product is that my feet does not slide around in the sandal.  It's like it creates a nice little soft (but not too soft) pocket for my feet.  Excellent product!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Being a very busty woman, I'm constantly looking for a bra that will smooth and minimize my proportions. Bali is a trusted name in intimate apparel, so I tried out this bra. I love the way it feels and how it makes me look when I wear tee shirts and sweaters. It runs true to size, so I didn't need to return it for a larger size. I recommend this bra to women who have the same problem as I do with finding a bra that will fit and look good!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I sent this to my granddaughter for Christmas and never heard back or got a thank you or even if my granddaugter received it. I am only guessing that it was all that it was suppose to be. Since I had it sent to myself and I wrapped and sent it to them myself I did get a look at it from outside the box. It looked pretty good quality to me and I would have bought it for my daughter when she was little if they had it then, I would still recommend it as a nice gift as it came in a very sturdy box and everything looked like fun to me."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was delighted with this watch when it came.  The black dial is very good looking  and easy to read. Adjusting the wrist band was more complicated than I had hoped for but I was able to do so with some help.  I would have given this watch a 5-star review but it stopped working after two days. I hope it only needs a battery because I love the watch and don't want to return it. 2/15 A  new battery worked for a few days than stopped. I reluctantly returned for a refund."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My wallet appears  to be a taupe color. The colors I would  have preferred were out of stock. Having said that, there is nothing wrong with the color I got. It isn't fully leather so don't yet know how long it will last. It comes with a check book cover which can be removed. Haven't any cash, so can't tell how happy it would be in the compartments, but my credit card and insurance etc cards seem perfectly happy :). I especially like that the ID view pocket has a hole in the center which makes it much easier to get you DL out when needed."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was somewhat skeptical about these straps and I have to admit that it took me a few minutes to figure out how to attach them to my bra, even after looking at the picture on the package. They work GREAT!!!! I gave the clear strap to one of my co-workers to try out and she loves them too. The only drawback is that you have to keep it attached and put your bra on over your head and hook your bra from behind. BUT, if it keeps my bra straps up all day long I will do anything!!!!!!! I am very happy with the product and I ordered the L/XL variety pack with 4 different colored straps. I wear a size 34-B bra so I would expect that unless you are a size 0 that most women would need the L/XL size."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love these for their support and comfort. I (sadly) just can't wear the tiny cutesy flip flops any more. But I don't care bcs I LOVE these. They do run small so order a size up. ln my opinion, this style has the best/cushy heal . Some others have a hard heal, which I do not recommend. My first pair has last 6 years and I wear them almost daily (I live in FL) and the tread on the bottom is still good but the front toe portion has separated. Worth the cost for sure."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got this for my six year old as a way to reinforce the need to learn how to tell time. I was surprised with how large the watch seemed right out of the box but it is very easy to adjust the band to fit even the smallest wrist. The face is the perfect size for kids to see. The hands are labeled &#34;minutes&#34; and &#34;hours&#34; and of course the hours are marked around the face. The one complaint I have with the watch is that after you hit 30 on the minute labels, the minutes count down back down to zero so instead of saying &#34;35 past the hour&#34; they must read it as &#34;25 til the next hour&#34; -- not sure if this is the standard way of teaching time but we've had to adjust our thinking a little bit to help our 6 year old interpret the time after 30. Overall I am happy with the watch."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Of all the earrings I received for Christmas these were my favorite. Maybe because I bought them for myself. Nice, simple and smallish gold hoops. They are not as big as you would expect judging by the picture shown. After doing a little research on duragold (because really, what is it?) it appears to have a slightly lower percentage of gold in it and reportedly the strongest gold alloy ever. Whatever that is. Still, I love these except the post is a little long and gets caught on my clothes. I'd buy them again and I would buy them as a gift."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "So much that I went back and bought a second pair in case they got discontinued.  I hate putting shoes on, so the slide style is great for me.  The fit is perfect, the support is fabulous, and they must look really cool, because I have had perfect strangers in the park approach me to ask me where I got them.I'm a little ambivalent about the pink bow issue ever since it was brought to my attention.  But I can live with it in exchange for how pain-free my orthopedic feet are when I wear them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've never had french, learned french, or know anything about French. Now, however, I feel like I could do OK with a quick trip and to get around conversationally. Rosetta Stone is no substitute for deep immersion learning, but it's pretty useful as a tool to learn the basics.Pros:- Builds a LOT of vocabulary quickly- Helps understand what words mean by associating them with a concept, rather than translating- Internet community is pretty cool.Cons:- Doesn't focus on grammar at all- Level 1 doesn't contain a whole lot- It's obviously pretty expensive. I guess if you're *really* interested, it's worth it.For it's purpose, it is almost perfect software. You will feel confident with the basics after this."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear these in the yard and when working in the cold and snow and I love them. They really do help keep me warm in the wind.I wear a 38 x 30 or 32 depending on the cut and style of jean. In work boots these are the perfect length for a person who normally wears a 30 length. The same is true of the width, I am usually a perfect 38 and these fit really well.When I need a pair of jeans for wearing after work I will be looking at Wrangler. Very impressed."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased these based on the wonderful reviews, I have a black pair from Sketchers that I loved that I figured would be similar..not really.  These just putting them on, HURT, I had to jam my feet in them (due to that non moving elastic (?) piece on the top where the laces would be) to get them in.  I can't really walk comfortable but am hoping that maybe they need time to stretch?  I don't have wide feet and never needed any special type of shoe but these were really tight across the top!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm accustomed to push up bras because of my lack of endowment, so this was definitely something different. Straps are nice and thick. Back band is wide. Front portion lays flat underneath bra instead of tilting up. Cups themselves are two layers of lace that support nicely but do not form the breast as a padded bra might. Will not hide *ahem* signs of 'cold weather'. Middle portion does tend to press into the chest. My boyfriend will love it when he gets back from the holidays."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Too often pants today are low-risers - even male pants and/or pants designed for &#34;adults&#34;.  I was tired of even my normal Levi's brand shifting to this style where I feel like either my shirt is coming untucked or I'm about to get a draft down my butt.  Fed up, I ran across of pair of Carhartt jeans.  These pants fit exactly like my old style USED TO and looks great.  The denim is also soft - unlike my memory of Carhartt jeans from my youth being the pants of choice for outdoor work (hard and durable and scratchy).Very happy with my now two pairs of Carhartts - plan to stay with this brand for now on!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I had my other pair of Keen's for 3 years and I wore them almost daily weather in Chicago permitting.  Well, one of my doc's took a look at them and told me I needed a new pair, the shoes were worn out on the bottom. That was last Wed evening. I ordered my new pair on Thursday and the shoes arrived on Friday. Amazon prime is the best deal ever!Okay, back to the shoes. I wear a 71/2 in shoes but read the reviews and ordered up to a 8. 8 fits perfectly.  I chose the color that was the cheapest, yes, some of the colors were $100 and well, I don't think a color is worth an extra $30 bucks.  My shoes were $67 bucks and I hope they last 3 years!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am a woman who loves wearing men's levi's in this fit (or 555, 501, 565).  I had gastric bypass and just like how they hang and the weight/thickness of the jean material.  Most women's jeans are thinner, shallow pockets and have spandex, which I don't need.  I like the tighter fit, seems to keep everything tight.  And without the spandex, the jeans are warmer for the colder climes.  I've always been a levi's fan!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Okay, I normally wear a 40 band bra, and an F/G cup depending on the brand. In a Lane Bryant Full Coverage bras I wear a 40DDD. I followed the measurements and this bra holds very well, but I have spillage at the sides and the top. The band fit correctly and I honestly feel if I went up a size the band would be too big. For myself I will seek a bra with cups and not numbers. This bra is awesome if you are a 40 DD, (40 DDD the biggest) as the sizing chart states. I give credit to the fact that for the cup sizes provided was correct. I guess my &#34;girls&#34; are just way too big. I will keep it and wear a compression vest on top of it.  My measurements did fit a size 4 though, so for ladies looking for some serious hold, definitely get this."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was able to fit my 120lb ex in this bag (Just so we are clear it was when we were dating, I didn't kill her or anything). I use it to store a memroy foam mattress for transport to my college apt. This is a big and durable bag I have loaded lots into before and dragged to my car (Again...it was not a body). The zipper and bag seem pretty stout and have held up for me so far. A strap would be a nice addition if I had anything to gripe about it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got tired of hearing my boyfriend complain of never having clean underwear so as a sorta gag gift I got him a variety of different brands. So for a week he was getting underwear from amazon with a gift note&#8230; it made for an amusing week of texts. But he did fall in love with the ExOfficio. He loved the fabric and I end up buying him more because I&#8217;m just awesome like that (and because he seemed to only wear one pair&#8230;) So I will recommend them on his behalf."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These do not fit like theVanity Fair Perfectly Yours Brief 15712nor theVanity Fair Women's Perfectly Yours Lace Nouveau Brief Panty #13001with those panties being a size too big on me which I enjoy.  These cotton panties were a size or two too small.  After almost getting a pair on, I took them off, repackaged them, printed out an Amazon Return Form and immediately dropped them off at UPS - all on the same day I received them.  From the previous reviews I expected bloomery, puffy cotton panties as from my childhood but it was not to be.  I guess I will always wear nylon panties.  I am VERY disappointed but refuse to go up to a giant size 10 or so.  I gave it two stars simply because they were Vanity Fair but probably made in China."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "1. I am going to state the pros and cons of this according to my eight year old daughter.PROS2. The design is pretty.3. It glows in the dark.4. It makes telling, and learning how to tell time, time easy.5. It comes on and off pretty easy.6. It is lightweight.CONS1. The band is not water resistant and so the watch has to be removed too often. (It usually gets a little when she washes her hands.) Then there is a long period of waiting for the band to dry out when she can't use the watch. The alternative is to remove the watch whenever there is a chance that it will get wet some how and that can be time consuming and runs the risk of her losing it if she places it somewhere at school, in a public bathroom etc...2. The material of the wrist band itches her skin around her wrists if she wears it even slightly damp."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I picked up this Timex model about 6 months ago. I love the velcro strap. It is comfortable and solves the problem of finding the \"perfect hole\" in most bands. For me the perfect hole never does exist. If my watch is too tight I move to the next hole and then it is loose and rolling around on my wrist, which I can not stand.This T48061 fits me perfectly. It is lightweight to the point of not even realizing you have it on. The module itself is great. Keeps great time, and setting it is a breeze with the prompts you receive on the screen of the watch during setting mode...great feature.I have used it during chainsaw operation, fence building, and various other jobs and it never misses a beat. I actually bought 2 of them so I would have a back up! For the money this is a great Timex!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These liners do fit rather snuggly, hugging my very curve and bump. The waist band is about an inch or so above my navel, and the lower hem ends a couple of inches above my knee. There is, indeed, no tag, and I see no laundering instructions, so I am going to wash them medium (permanent press), and dry on low. I don't think they will shrink much with just 43% cotton, but with 14% lycra, I don't want to wash and dry them too hot or roughly. They will make good liners under shorts to work out, or even under other clothing for \"curve contol\".  Not bad for about $14.  There are not terribly thin, but too thin to wear alone. I would like to see them available in more colors than just the Birch (light gray)."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "positives - seems great quality, looks like it will last a long time, washes easily, great to use as workout briefs... but I wouldn't go so far as the say like some people I'll buy a bunch and have them as my daily go-tos.negatives - came with a single loop of elastic coming out from it... I decided not to cut it. hopefully this doesn't unravel some of the elastic lining at the top. Also, the material wasn't quite as I expected as it looks in the pictures. I was expecting it to be a little more smooth, but this still isn't bad at all."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am a little big fat man, am over-weight for sure, but in spite of my fat waist line, the waist band on these boxers stretch to fit and are very comfortable.  I have probably about a 46-47 inch waist x 5ft 11-1/2in tall and i can wear these (XX-Large Size) all day without any discomfort.  They are especially good in warmer/hot weather.  And i think that even if i lost some weight the waist band would probably still hold up the shorts and i would not need to buy a smaller size."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I like these a lot.  They are comfortable and very sturdy.  I have trouble with pronation, especially in my right foot.  These keep me walking more like I should be, almost like having linear platform built into them.  My ONLY complaint is that they run a little small.  I don't mind paying extra for good shoes like this, but I wish they were more true to size. UPDATE:  I wore these all summer long, and it didn't take long before these fit my foot really well, and were my go-to shoes most every day, leaving my 50+ other pairs of shoes in the dark closet!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is the second time I purchased a bra on Amazon and the sizing is not the same as the bra in store. I got fitted for Felina bras and was told that I am a 32DDD in their bras. When I tried the bra on in store, it fit perfectly so I decided to order on Amazon because the store price was way more expensive. This bra has so much space in the bust area that I cannot possibly wear it as the 'girls' will jiggle with any step that I make. Terrible!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Pros:  It's gorgeous.  Silver face and silver mesh band goes with anything.  Looks much more expensive than it is.  Beautiful, sparkly round diamond-like chips for the numbers.  Lays flat against the wrist - not bulky and very comfortable.  Easily adjustable band.  Keeps good time.Cons:  No deal-breakers here, just things you might want to know ~ Not waterproof so you can't wear it in the shower. I have long hair and every once in a while it will catch in the mesh band. And no date display, if that's important to you."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I had read and watched several articles and shows about this product and thought I would try a pair since I was going to a wedding.  The panty was of nice quality but I do believe they should cost 25 dollars.  The fit well for most of the evening but I did have to go to the ladies room twice because the waist was rolling down on me.  From what I read this was not supposed to happen. Overall, I would not spend the money again on this product as I believe it should sell for no more than 15 dollars not 25 dollars."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love 501 jeans, they fit just right in all the right places and I prefer button fly to zipper.  Note that the polished black is a bit different than the usual black jean (there is a plain black 501 as well).  The polished finish produces a shiny, more finished jean look which means that wrinkles are sharper and more noticeable -- the fabric is stiffer than the plain black jean.  If that happens, the tried and true technique of spraying the jeans lightly with water, wearing them or giving them a quick press will help.The stiffness of the fabric is part of the clean and neat appearance but unlike other 501s this also seems to reduce the &#34;give&#34; in the fabric and makes the fit tighter and slightly uncomfortable at first -- hoping this will work itself out after a few washes."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are great boxers, they dry quickly, are a nice color, look great and seem like they will last along time. I really appreciate the fact that they can dry super quick and that a travel overseas will not be hampered by too many undergarments. I deducted one star due to the fact that they are a bit abrasive. A bit... not in a really bad way, but when one is used to really soft and comforting cotton, these seem a little bit more unrefined... and couple that with the very high cost... I deduct one star. I would and will purchase more of these, they are super for travel."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The balls are brilliant and shiny and just the size I wanted.  Unfortunately the backs to the earrings as well as the stem connected to the balls are VERY thin.  One of the backs arrived wrapped around some random rubber piece of fabric that was shoved into the pouch the earrings came in.  When I tried to untangle the back from the stretchy, rubbery material the back lost all of its integrity, uncurled and flattened.  I was able to &#34;mold&#34; it back into a normal shape (the backs are tiny...this was no small feat), but it would not stay on the stem to the earing any longer.  Thank goodness I have a tons of extra backs in my jewelry box...although it took me a few minutes to find a pair of backs that would fit the ultra-thin stems on the earrings.  Pretty, but be careful with them.  Shipping was SUPER fast!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I agree with most of the other reviewers here; these are wonderful.  A garter-belt or bustier is a must with these, because there is no \"stay-up\" band in these stocking-tops, and if you ask me, imho, it's much better that way.I just adore the darling lace applique of the stocking-tops, and the sheer stockings are very elegant and sexy.  The lace design is simple enough that it pairs well with many different garters, be they solid or lacy.I got these in \"city beige\" (a bit darker than nude) and black (although not TOO black, but rather a lovely shade that isn't really \"smoky\" but adds a wonderful black shimmer to your legs) and loved both colors.  I will definately be ordering more of these.Very sexy and elegant!  I strongly recommend these."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought two pairs of these.  Size small, I'm 5'7&#34;, waist 32&#34;.  The fit is good, but I feel like the Under Armour boxerjocks offer much better compression.  Just a tight feel all around.  The problem with both is that they make me hot.  It's hard to wear these on a regular basis because they don't offer the breathing room like regular boxers do.  I was hoping that these ExOfficio boxers were a little &#34;cooler&#34;, but they were not.  I'll be wearing these to play sports, but not for daily use."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Great pants. Perfect fit.Wrinkle freeStain resistant. What more could you want?I don't know how other people are getting too big or small pants. I have ordered Silver, Khaki, and Black. They are a perfect fit. I always order a size bigger just in case they shrink after washing. I will update if any changes after washing. I would give this a 5 star but I don't like the clasp closure, I'd rather have a button. But Dickies does not have 34x29L pants with a button closure.Thank you amazon."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "We have at least 20 baseball belts in different sizes and colors, from our two sons' many seasons of baseball.  But, we didn't have a black one in an adult size, which our older son needs now that he's bigger.  I ordered this one from Amazon because I didn't have time to drive to Walmart (which usually doesn't have what we need) or Dick's (an hour away).The belt is perfect - long enough and adjustable for adult sized waists, wider than youth belts, and made of stretchy elastic.  Our son's baseball team didn't give them belts with the uniform, and his first game is in three days, so I was happy to receive this one so quickly and have \"belt\" checked off my list."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wanted a good looking mesh band watch with a slim head to fit under dress shirts or just be wrist candy that you can forget about. Perfect match!! The blue is brilliant and the face is simple which lets the simplicity speak for itself. Price is great for a slim titanium face of good quality (as opposed to something like a Movado). The clasp is easily adjustable. THE ONLY DRAW is that the joints where the band meet the face are stiff - meaning they don't flex to fit your wrist like most watches. This is only a problem if you have skinny wrists but even then its only a minor flaw. Great watch. Happy I got to add Skagen to my collection."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was looking for decent Levi's for a few years and Amazon had them!!!  I wanted the stiff unwashed jeans because they last quite a few years.  The pre-washed jeans are VERY comfortable and ready to wear, but I hope they have the same life as the unwashed (stiff) Levis.  The size was the  same as my original 505's and fit me well.  They were a bit expensive at $40 vs ($10 - $15) for Wranglers, but they feel great and wear well.  The Levi's in the store are sold with holes in them!!!! I'm 50 + years old and I don't need the holes thanks anyway!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "After laughing the whole way home from the mall after seeing what looked like clown shoes for $150 or more I was glad to find these on Amazon.  Ok, I admit I'm in my mid forties but I'm sorry the multicolored goofball shoes I saw didn't impress me much, they just look ridiculous.  These however have a simple clean look and are some of the best fitting athletic shoes I've ever owned.  I like a snug fit and these fit like a glove.  You might not be the gym peacock but your workout won't suffer."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've had this bra for a few years now, and although it is supportive when I run (32DD), I find that it's my last choice and only wear it when my others are in the wash.  The main reason is that it's cotton, and I didn't really think about that when I first bought it.  It's fine in winter, but in the hot humid southern summers, it gets wet and stays that way.  Plus it catches on some shirts because of the fabric not being smooth."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered 2, and actually preferred the tan finish (tone was gorgeous, and more even in appearance).  The tan was missing a \"leg\" however; it has rubber to keep it off the countertop, so I sent it back.  I kept this one for my husband, which I intended as a gift.  A bit of miscommunication has them refunding instead of exchanging the tan, no biggie, we shall figure that out. The bag(s) itself is great.  I can't wait to see how it ages, it, like few products these days, appears to be built for the long haul.  I anticipate it will look great for years, if it's cared for."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My 4 yr old son needed black shoes for a play he was in. I didn't want to buy dress shoes as he would not get any additional wear out of them. I opted for these black Converse. They were adorable, they fit him well - he is about a size 11 little kids but I ordered the 12 and they are fine with a bit of growing room.  He calls them his &#34;Chucks&#34; and thinks he's cool when he wears them...well, he is pretty cool - he has worn them several times since the play so overall, it was a good purchase."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Sometimes clothes can start to feel unfresh after a lot of global air travel, when you've changed time zones, days and haven't had a chance to shower. These perform great for that purpose. The material reminds me very much of &#34;swoosh&#34; basketball shorts. It's not cold but it is a bit more artificial feeling than I'd realize it was. Once it's being worn, that feeling goes away and it's quite comfortable.I haven't washed them in a sink yet, but if I were to go into a situation where I may need to I would have no hesitation to take this and plan for that cleaning option to work. Fully recommended."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this primarily to wear when I'm kinda dressed, but not leaving the house; it's so comfortable that I've slept in it, and woken up none the worse for wear. I'm a 38D, and I can't say this offers the kind of support I prefer for outside wear. However, it looks very nice, and gives very good support and excellent separation; it's perfect for wearing when I can't be bothered with an underwire. I also love the front closure. It's really easy to close and doesn't chafe at all while I'm wearing the bra.In short, this is the first \"leisure bra\" I've ever worn that doesn't leave me with a single sagging mono-bazoom. It's not cheap, but I'm going to get another one, because this ratio of comfort to support is hard to come by."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This isn't my everyday watch,but it is the watch that I wear when I meet friends for lunch or go out for a day of shopping. I've owned it for over 3 years and like it a lot. The features I love is its low profile, silver tone mesh band, the relatively large numbers on its face, and the fact that I still have the original battery in it and it keeps good time. My only complaint is the latch that fastens it took a little time to get used to, but I got used to it quickly.This watch goes with everything because it is both sporty but also works in a more formal environment. I own a similar one in a gold finish that is used with gold jewelry.I've received a lot of compliments on this watch. People seem to like the fact that it is thin and compact looking."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have to say that I have bought several kinds of visors on Amazon and these are my &#34;GO-TO&#34; visors.  Shipped quickly and arrives in good shape, looks great, can easily be kept behind my car seat for when I need it, it doesn't hurt my head AND most of all, the skinny sides don't ruin my short hairstyle when I take it off or put it on!  I'm on my 3rd one...they are really comfy and useful in the hot California sun and wind!  (o:"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I grew up wearing Levi jeans, and these new Levis are not what they used to be, that's for sure. Levis cut their jeans in a way that fit me better than most other jeans I've tried, but the denim Levi is using these days just does not measure-up to their competitors denim what so ever. I got these 505 jeans in the rigid un-washed denim, so it's the heaviest denim Levi uses, but they still feel like weak pants with all the fabric-body of a worn-out bed sheet. I used to love my Levis, but now I hate where I see the quality of their products are heading."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This product has made me very happy, although at first impressions, it looks too thin and sheer to be true. I replaced all my merino long johns with this as I developed an allergy from wearing too much merino too frequently, and now I can't touch them at all. Anyway, this brand is great, and I have also bought the equivalent tops as my base layer as well, they are warm and really light. My husband has heaps of these too and he really likes the range (long johns, long sleeve and short sleeve silk base layers). As the fabric is delicate, a little care during washing would be good. Otherwise, it washes well and dries very quickly unlike wool products."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is the closest thing I have found to a wonderful compact wallet I bought in Italy and used to death. It appears to be well made and I think it will stand up to wear. It has as many pockets and compartments as I need. I appreciate the change purse part that opens up with a snap fastener. Many other wallets have a small gusseted change section that is zippered and doesn't open far enough for you to see what change you have. I wanted something that didn't require me to empty all the coins out to find what I needed."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The watch is exactly what I had in mind.  Wanted a black band and a black face and not much weight.  Has kept correct time so far which, amazingly, is becoming a rarity with even expensive watches.  It's perfect with long sleeve shirts that can slide right over it since the case is so slim.  The mesh band means it weighs very little.  Will be comfortable in hot weather.  The ONLY issue that made this a 4 star is getting it off can be a real chore.  The first catch unhinges easily, but the second one can be a bit of a challenge. There is probably more of a trick to it than I have figured."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was sorta skeptical when I got this bra. But it proved to be the best bra I ever wore! Love the light blue color that I got and its really smooth to the touch on the cups. Liked that the adjustable straps were in front. Also love the little bow in the middle. Will definitely buy the pink and white ones. Thank goodness I don't have to wear under wire to get the support I need. I didn't even notice I had it on! And thankfully no red marks on my shoulders or itchiness anywhere.Hope they never discontinue this bra!!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Here is a great gift idea and a great value as well. For the price of just under $200, these are 14k yellow and white gold pieces that are stunning in style with a mirror-like finish that is a real eye-catcher. They are of a fair size  and look heavier than they are. They are well made and nicely presented in a gift box and a velvet pouch. They are stylish enough to be featured in a 5th Avenue window where they would probably sell for 2 - 3 times the price of admission here. Running out of time for your sweethearts holiday gift? Just pay a few more bucks for next day delivery and you are all set! I just don't see how you can go wrong with this fine set of earrings."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I don't like this waist cincher. I bought a size small, I'm 5'9&#34;, 145lbs. Even at my height, the back of the cincher was too long in the back. And because I have a curvy behind, it immediately flipped up at my behind.  It is impossible for this thing to lie smooth if you have junk in the trunk. So in addition to waistline bulges, now I have a fold of power mesh on the top of my rump. It didn't do a good job of pulling me in.  I think it's no better than Flexees. It gives the waistline a very odd shape. I regret buying it. I will still stick with Squeem."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have worn Levi 501 jeans for years but were always annoyed by the waist height aspect of the fit, and weakness in certain seams. Ditto on most brands of khakis, the office rat's jeans.  After purchasing a couple pairs of Carhartt's excellent khakis, I decided to try their jeans.  I have never before had a better fit in a pair of jeans,or a more correct sizing of the waist and inseam.  They are so comfortable my wife has to steal them away to wash them, so I got more of them. I have several Carhartt products and I can assure you they are made for maximum durabilty, value and comfort for the working man.  The relaxed fit version is especially comfortable on horseback because it allows your legs to move without pulling down the waist.  Best ever jeans!!And the best source I found for price and prompt delivery was Amazon.  If they say they have it, you get it quick and well packed."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "After reading all the reviews posted here, and considering the sizing guidelines, I ordered an XL of this waist cincher. I have no difficulty at all putting this on - it hooked up quickly with no real pulling or struggle required. This size certainly provides some shaping and support - but not to the extent I'd predicted based on reviews. In hindsight, I should have ordered a L, instead. At some point, after I lose a few more pounds, I will probably dig deep and order the smaller size. The cincher does pull in my waist about a half inch, and it help make me more conscious of my waistline (which helps remind me not to snack!!). As other reviewers have indicated, the bottom of the cincher irritates my skin, even when worn over tights or hose. But overall, I am pleased with my purchase."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This waist cincher is perfect for those who don't have a whole lot to pack in, but want a smooth, long line.  I also like it because the garter straps can be significantly shortened, so the tops of my stockings are not down near my knees at the end of the day.  It is comfortable but sturdy - no weird poking or pinching - and it holds its shape throughout the day.  Finally, this is much more visually appealing than most waist cinchers/tummy flatteners out there.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These 501's were exactly what I was seeking for my son, though they can be purchased in W.A. the different washes are not available. I really wanted the 'Rigids' and they are not here. To find I could buy them on 'Amazon' but shipping outside of 'US' was not available, was really OFF!So many things in the last 4 months are not available for shipping outside the 'US'. It sometimes takes a long time to find everything and it's not until one checks out to discover the item-s are not available for shipping.What can I say."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These stockings by Leg Avenue are indeed very nice.  For the purposes of full disclosure I will admit that I initially bought them to wear with a (I was a nineteenth century Parisian courtesan!) costume.  However, since then, I have found that they also work great for everyday use.  I have worn them to work and also for more formal events.  My beautiful stockings have not let me down yet!  Great price, perfect fit!  What more can a modern woman ask for?"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These fit well; are comfortable and look great. My husband is wearing them around the house for major projects! Not the exact intent for a pair of sandals. He just built a fenced in chain link fence in the back yard wearing these! He is also doing concrete work with these on! Silly, I know but that is him: he grabs whatever pair of shoes and cares not what they are when he is working So they have dust and dirt on them but the soles are so heavy duty that he is wearing them for these tasks! Got a great deal on them. I am sure they will clean up well. He is very hard on shoes; apparently you can use these for remodeling projects they are so heavy duty! Would buy him these again!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These shoes are probably the most comfortable I own.  I'd been thinking about getting a pair for years because of all the positive reviews so I finally pulled the trigger.  Good call, because they are super comfy and easy to slip on and off.  On the downside though they are black seude shoes.  I must not have looked closely enough because I thought they were just black leather.  I suppose I just don't see myself as the type of guy that wears seude shoes.  I power through it though because these things are so comfortable.  They'll work great for casual wear in the winter/fall, but come summer spring I don't see myself sporting these shoes with shorts.  They really only work with jeans.Fit was as expected, unlike Keens that usually need a 1/2 size bigger."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The small size of these beautiful gold hoops makes them one of the most versatile earrings I own: they can be simple (for work), casual (with jeans and a sweater), or elegant (with a dress, if I want to keep the look low-key, or if I'm wearing a \"statement\" necklace requiring other jewelry to be minimal.)My one problem,resulting in the loss of one star, is that one of the clasps is so tight that it's difficult open and close the earring.  In hindsight, I should have returned them for another pair."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I used to wear American Apparel, worked for a while but noticed they ran a little hot and shrunk over time. These boxers are free of both issues, dry quick, don't ride up/bunch/wedge and are super light. These are perfect day to day, don't let the travel marketing deter you.I've replaced 80% of my underwear line up with these over time and don't regret it one bit. If you can get them directly on Amazon with free shipping its cheaper by $5+ than anywhere else online/retail."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are my favorite shorts. Made from the same 12 oz. fabric as Carhartt's iconic heavyweight pants, these are probably THE hardest-wearing shorts you can buy. Duluth Trading Co. makes work shorts in a slightly heavier (\"Fire Hose Canvas\") fabric, but Carhartt's are probably a better value unless the DTC ones happen to be on sale.They're practical, too; the hammer loop and especially the low-profile side pockets are incredibly useful for carrying tools, pens, notepads, and whatnot. I find myself using them constantly.The only downside of these heavy-duty shorts is the flip-side of their greatest virtue: the incredibly rugged fabric. It gets hot. I live in the Pacific Northwest, where summers are generally mild, but if I lived in the southern United States, I'd definitely get the lighter-weight shorts."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "definitely the best underwear I have ever owned. I have tried soooooo many different styles and pairs. I have been hunting for the perfect fit, comfortable waist, something that doesn't ride up the back or the crotch, gives adequate cup support and is ventilated.  This might be the miracle undergarment.  Plus, they actually do dry quickly. I travel light and have actually washed them in the sink. By morning . . . . clean and dry! These have replaced my everyday wear. I don't wear these to the gym, as I prefer something with even more cup support, but for a light workout, these would be great."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I went ahead and purchased it, thinking i'd be getting tanned color. For some reason, i have this way of thinking buff= dark/tan color... Turns out it was not even close. I normally wear barely there, and this one was very creamy. Although this isnt something i would wear on a normal basis, it did go really well with my black skirt w/ white feathery sweater top. I wouldn't dare wearing it with any other though, just not my color; Too bright. It was a nice try though."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased these shoes for my husband who was opposed to wearing them initially.  After some coaxing, he raved about the comfort and is a Sperry convert.  Unfortunately, after wearing less than a week, they began to fall apart.  I returned them and ordered a new pair which were a size larger than they should have been despite being marked a 9.5.  Sooo, I returned them again.  This time, we'll buy in person as Amazon cannot be trusted to deliver a quality product that is sized correctly."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "i love my hanes pantyhose, they fit and feel great on my legs, i wear no nonsense pantyhose and hanes pantyhose to work everyday and these pantyhose are another one of my favorite nylons, ive had a few runs in my pantyhose from time to time but all my pantyhose have had runs in them.  these pantyhose are wonderful to put on and make my nylons look sexy. i also wear silkies pantyhose nylon stockings, leggs pantyhose and other nylon pantyhose. i wear pantyhose everyday in high heels and usually my nylon feet are in sheer reinforced toe pantyhose. but i have lots of sheer toe pantyhose and nylons."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The pants seem to be acceptably made (the label indicates it was made in Cambodia) - although slightly thinner material than I expected.  The color that I ordered (Blue Collar) is fine and is what I expected.  However, these pants are way too tight on the thighs - especially when sitting down, and it makes the length appear much shorter because of it.  I though about keeping them, but I cannot put up with the tightness at the thighs.  Also, the pockets seem to \"bunch up\" too much and you must often put your hands in your pockets to keep them down...a major fail, so I'm returning them and will try out the Levi's Men's 560 Comfort Fit Jean instead."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was ordering a wrist watch for my nephew and somehow, this product popped up.  As it looked similar to the watch that I was about to place in my shopping cart, I placed this one in the shopping cart, and did not pay attention to what I was buying.  When I received it, I contacted Amazon and received an immediate return authorization label.  I sent it back on Monday December 16, 2013 and have received my refund credit already on Tuesday December 17, 2013.  Great product.....just clicked on the wrong one."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've been wearing this style for several years now and it is truly the most comfortable and best fitting bra I've ever had. Of course everyone has a different shape so you'll have to try it for yourself to see if it suits. Washes easily in the washing machine on gentle (and inside a lingerie bag), dries quickly, and off you go again. Several of my girlfriends have also started wearing this bra since they saw mine at my swimming club, and they love it too. I don't understand the person who said it didn't have an underwire - they must have shipped her the wrong thing - as it does indeed have underwiring. Also, only 2 hooks high at the back, not the corset-like 3 hooks (like so many of the bras made for larger gals have). Just great, and highly recommended."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a replacement pair for one that I have been wearing for years! These shoes are comfortable right out of the box - no break-in period. The nubuck finish is a bit suede like, but not as fussy, I like the look and the color. I notice an inconsistency in the inner-sole of one of the shoes. The foot feels a very slight but annoying change in sole thickness just in back of the toes. When I ordered an additional pair in black, that same inconsistency was even more evident in one of the shoes - so I returned that pair. Be aware of the error - you may need to return them as well if the feel is apparent to you.Based on my last pair, I expect these will last beyond my interest period. At some point you just want a new pair of shoes and these things refuse to die! I use them for everyday use for all but dressy occasions."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've own several 874's and they've all lasted me years. When I was younger I worked a bunch of construction jobs, and these were my go to pants. Now I build and manage servers and work in an office where it's business casual. These are still my go to pants. They're extremely high quality, but they tend to take forever to become worn in. The waist band can really stiff, and take a couple months to loosen up. These will always be my go to pants for work and I suggest them for anyone looking for a pair of high quality pants."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered the same bra size I normally wear, and the band is very tight. The shoulder straps (which are not adjustable) were also tight. I've lost some weight since purchasing the bra, and it's still tight but wearable. Previously, I couldn't bear to wear it at all. I'm hoping the elastic will loosen up a bit with time.I can easily see why this bra doesn't work for all ladies. I'm petite and fine-boned, and the shoulder straps are just barely big enough for me (and that's taking into account the weight I lost!). The fabric is wonderfully soft and stretchy, but if you can't find the right size it simply will not work for you. There isn't a lot of leeway because nothing is adjustable.In conclusion, I suggest selecting at least one band size up from normal, and making sure to order from a vendor with a good return policy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This one actually keeps the girls in a more upright position - and that's a big deal for a middle aged woman, believe me. I didn't want a molded, balconette type - puleeze! But nothing else seemed to give any uplift. The straps stay put which is usually a problem for me, too, plus the straps are comfortable. The side elastic stretches and gives nicely without being too loose. I really love this thing and I have a drawer full of others I won't bother to wear. I'm a 42C and it was true- to -size for me."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased these to help widen some of my shoes while also helping to pull out moisture (as cedar does).  Only problem is I missed the part that says these are MENS.  I thought the M in the sizing stood for Medium Width.  Wasn't written anywhere in the description either.Furthermore, how you're suppose to adjust these to widen them, even if I needed these for men's shoes?  I played with them for awhile, since I figured I would try to make them work in my sneakers.  But for the life of me couldn't figure out how to use them properly.  Maybe I'm just slow or inpatient or both.  But I couldn't figure it out.Shame, since they look great and the quality of the cedar was fantastic.  Thankfully amazon is great & I didn't have any problems returning them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I coach my son's little league team and decided to get my own equipment and bag. I bought this hoping it would have room for 5 batting helmets, catchers gear, balls and bats but for the price I wasn't expecting it to last more than the season.What I received is a monster of a bag. The quality is quite good and I see this bag lasting a very long time. It's actually far bigger than I need it to be. I would estimate that it holds around 8 to 10 loads of laundry. It's just enormous.I would definitely recommend it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My goggles fit in the case, but it's a tight fit.  I wish the case were just a bit bigger (longer and deeper) to make it easier when putting the goggles in.  Once you wrestle with the goggles though and get them in, the case does it's job.  I've had these goggles in my gym bag for 6 months and they still look fantastic.  If TYR reads these reviews, it'd be nice if if you would put a second little zippered pocket on them where you could keep a small bottle of anti-fog solution.Speaking of anti-fog solution, don't forget to buy yourself a bottle of JAWS Quick Spit to keep your goggles from fogging up. Happy swimming!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I like wearing these earrings - they are simple and classic in design and since I require gold posts (get knots in my ears with other types of metal posts), the challenge is being able to afford multiple pairs and colors.  For $33, I am quite satisfied with these even though the stones are not as bright and darkly colored as the picture indicates (hence four stars for this truth in advertising issue).  The posts are sturdy and backs fit securely.  Peridote stones are translucent and free of visible inclusions.  The color goes nicely with my spring wardrobe.  Appropriate for all ages.  I'd highly recommend them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The fit on these t-shirts are ludicrous. I ordered a small and what I received would be considered a large had I ordered it from Gap or Land's End. While I am by no means tiny, Carhartt's version of the venerable t-shirt is only a couple notches shy of a gown on my frame. You gotta be a big corn-fed American boy to sport one of these.Running it through the dryer made it worse; the neck hole shrank but the other dimensions remained almost unchanged. Even the pocket sits forlornly off to the side, as if seeking the shelter of my armpit. This is possibly the most awkward t-shirt I've ever bought."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm looking for a sports bra that gives me really good separation of my breasts. I hate my boobs touching each other when I'm exercising, or really any time. I'm anti-uniboob! I have some nice regular bras that do the job, but no sports bras. I wish someone would find one that doesn't cost a fortune and let me know. I'm usually a 34 C. I tried that and it was *way* too small in the cups, really smooshed me together. Now I have a 34 D. It's a better fit, and it mostly separates. I don't know if going up to a 34 DD would give me the fit I want or not."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The more I wear it, the more I love it.  It's so comfortable.  I'm not constantly messing with the straps and tugging on it because I'm about to fall out of it.  This bra fits really well.  The minute I put it on, I can stop thinking about it for the rest of the day.  The straps stay put and don't dig in to my shoulders.  Plus, I love not having to worry about the straps showing.  Fits true to size and fits well.  Good support.  Have all three colors now.  :)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am an adult woman who chose this watch to wear.  It has several features that I wanted.  The elastic band is far more comfortable than a metal expansion band and is the most comfortable type of band I've ever worn.  The watch is light weight, has numbers big enough for me to read without my putting on my glasses, and the dial lights up with a push of the button.  The only thing I don't like is that the second hands are lizards and do not allow from exact tracking.  They seem to be mainly for cuteness."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Merrell's WERE great, perhaps when they were made in Canada. These are identical in stated sizing to a wonderful pair of Merrell Jungle Moc's I wore comfortably in and out of the house for years, but my heel slipped a lot in these, there was way too much toe room, and they seemed 1/2 to 1 size too large. I wear a 9.5 US Merrell but these felt like 10-10.5's. I had to return them for properly fitting and comfortable Teva's. I do not recommend these, I would not buy again, and I hope this helps someone."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My husband is 3x type guy that works in cold areas on ocassion.  He's purchased carhartts for more than 30 years and knows they always run small so he opted for 2 sizes bigger than normal in the insulated bibs and,as it turns out, the largest size carhartt offers.  Sadly they were still at least 2 sizes too small!  He was soooo disappointed to have to return these and purchase an brand other than carhartt.  Wish Carhartt would review their sizing and offer a bit more of the larger sizes AND more accurate sizing information.As I said... sadly, these were returned.  :("}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Ten years ago, my husband bought a pair of these Merrell shoes locally.  They were the most comfortable shoes he has ever worn.  Now (10 years later), after wearing these shoes on a daily basis, they have finally bit the dust.  We bought the same version from Amazon to replace his old Jungle Slip-on's, and the new ones are just as comfortable.  Out of the box, there's no break-in period needed -- he can wear them all day, with nary a blister."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered these Jockey underpants after talking with a friend, who really likes these undies.  I ride horses and have issues with rubs from the saddle with almost any other underpants I have tried.  This brand fixed my rub problem. I like the covered elastic legs and the high leg cut design. What I did not like is the fact that one color (dark gray) shrank two sizes when I first washed it.  The other colors did not shrink (white and heather gray).  The company says shrinkage is about 10%, but my experience is that shrinkage is more, particularly from top to bottom, rather than shrinking around.  Jockey has also offered to let me return the pair that shrank excessively."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My husband loved these when he first put them on and continued to love them - except that after they were washed, they turned a funny color. They are no longer brown. Instead they look like they were washed with something that bled into the brown threads and I guess it was the dark fleece lining that did it...because the pants were washed alone. They are still wearable. They just look a little odd now. But for around the house and yard, walking dogs, hunting - they'll be fine."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I recently used this neck stash on a two week trip to France.  It was wonderful!  I loved it at the airport and at train stations, especially.  It is so helpful to have my hands free yet my passport and bording pass (or train ticket) ready to pull right out instead of fumbling in a purse.  I also carried money and credit cards in it and in extremely crowded tourist areas (like the Eiffel Tower) I wore it under my shirt for extra security.  It's lightweight and the adjustable neck strap, when adjusted properly, makes this pretty unnoticeable under a shirt.  I love the different compartments, as this makes it easier to find what you're looking for right away."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "First got this bra when my daughter was doing a performance with a lot of jumping around.  Her bra wasn't making it, and we looked for one better.  Found this, perfect.  Due to the non elastic straps, and the fine support, this bra holds things in place all day long, better than any other bra I have ever owned.  My daughter and I are both well developed.  Most bras are challenged when it comes to supporting us, except this one.  It is also very comfortable.  You know it's on, but it never hurts.  It also puts your chest in a good position, not spread out but forward.  Looks very flattering.  Truly great support, and pretty."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is my last time of buying Levis.  Order this model and 2 others at the same time during an Amazon sale. Been wearing the same and models for decades.  The quality and fit of the fabric just isn't there anymore.  One pair got a hole in the upper thigh after the first washing.  All the jeans I bought this time, stretch out within hours of wearing.  I have a 31 inch waist, and if I do not have a belt on these jeans are sliding way down within an hour.  This is after washing and drying 5 times.  Ended up going to Marshall's and getting much higher quality jean for half the price.  Sad  to see a company like Levi let themselves forget about their customers. They are so focused on producing at the loweest price, that they no longer seem interested in producting a quality product.  Too bad"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "So I lusted after Rainbows for about 7 years before I decided they might be worth the money.-I got a large (I wear 9.5M) and my foot went right to the edge, so I got an extra-large.-The wear in period wasn't so bad, I did get a blister as expected.-My largest problem is that the foot surface area got so smooth that my foot kep sliding in and out of the shoe, and it dried out and rubbed up against my foot. I feel like it was polishing the bottom of my foot.-I feel like they are going to fall off when I walk-I thought there was going to be a bit more arch support.-The bottom is very hard.All in all they are good looking sandals, but I've tried on a friend's REEFs and they were incredibly comfortable. If I could go back in time, I would have gone with the REEFs."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a &#34;sleep leisure&#34; bra, so I wasn't expecting a push-up, but it might be a little too comfortable and relaxed with the fit if you've got a large chest. Also, I absolutely know my bra size and ordered this in my correct size and it was WAY small. I returned and ordered the next size up and it was actually still a bit snug, but workable. I'd take that into consideration when buying and, if you are busty like me, you might want to go a different direction."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have tried every bra out there from cheap to very expensive.. If you need support and a decent looking bra, this is the bra for you. I am a 50 year old large busted woman who needs support in a bra. I have been professionally fitted and spent $100's of dollars on bras and always kick myself and go back to Bali..After almost 40 years I will not bother with any other bra again. Now I just order a new set of all colors about every 6 months....it can't be beat.."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Okay, I admit it. I'm one of the millions of Americans that massively struggles with any language either than English. I have recently returned to college to finish out my Bachelors. The university I'm enrolled in requires two years of a foreign language. Ugh. Kill me. Kill me now. BUT with using Rosetta, I was not only able to get through my class without sounding and feeling like an idiot, but I actually got A's!! I never thought that was a possibility. I'm not ready to jet off to France or anything but I'm not a complete moron any more either. I'm calling that a huge success. Once this whole bachelors things is under my belt, I will be back to pick up the next level!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These hold up and are a great value. They are also very pretty and flatter my not-the-best legs. I don't like wearing pantyhose but in a professional job they are still needed. That's my opinion, anyway. I have some great dresses and suits with skirts for work (yes, I am the consummate professional) and these are a necessary accessory. Is 'necessary accessory' an oxymoron?Thanks, Hanes. You make me thinner and more impressive.  How many products can honestly boast that?Marcianne Waters"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have been on a long hunt for comfortable underwear. I hate cotton shorts that stretch all out during every wear. I like the compression shorts that keep their fit but I am always having to pull the legs back down as they ride up from repeated sitting and standing. These shorts are not a tight fitting compression short, but they are slightly snug fitting and not baggy, but the fabric is so slick and comfortable. They keep their shape all day long, and the legs do not ride up and get stuck. I really like them and will be ordering more soon."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Fits like Levis but in a silver color that, while not seriously formal, is a step away from the totally casual blue. Note that fabric is not as thick as usual Jeans, though more than durable enough. Softer feel when wearing too - not as stiff. Will be cooler to wear when temps are high. Downside is that coloring is not uniform - thin streaks of light and dark. just don't expect a uniform solid gray. Straight leg style now changed to &#34;regular&#34;. Go figure. Still, the style is slimmer in the legs than the old &#34;regular&#34;. Not too slim though. Lots of length & waist options, which is not true for many Levis. Have purchased several pair. The black color Levis are much hotter to wear and fade poorly with wear. The &#34;silver&#34; doesn't do that."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This purse is very likeable.  It's a handy, small size and the leather is quite soft to touch.  The drawback is that the gap at the top when the purse is clasped is so large little items may fall out.  With the price of lipstick these days, I won't chance carrying it loose in this purse!  I did keep the purse, though, thinking I can use it for special occasions when it suits my outfit.  On those occasions, I plan to put the smaller items in a cosmetic bag and carry that inside the purse."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Okay, so I wear cotton granny panties,  It's my fanny and I like 'em!  These are pricey but worth it:  such fine quality cotton, not really 'suede' feeling, but a thicker and very soft smooth fabric, care to hems and stitching, and the soft lace trim at the waist is not itchy, doesn't bunch, and indeed looks and feels feminine.  They've only been through a few machine washings and dryings, but they come out looking just lovely.  Yeah, I should hand wash and drip dry, they'd probably last until my last breath on earth, but .....  these are durable goods and they handle my abuse quite well."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Years ago these were the best briefs you could buy.  I ordered several packs. So far I have thrown away about one third of the briefs.  Some fit perfectly.  The ones I have thrown out have had the following problems.  About three had the elastic in the leg section so tight I could hardly get them on.  Four had the elastic stretch out within minutes like I was wearing bloomers. A couple seemed to be a smaller size than the rest.Apparently these are made without attention to consistent quality.  Needless to say I won't be purchasing these again.  I guess I'll have to go back to buying Fruit of the Loom.  I don't throw as many of those out and they are much cheaper.  If anyone knows of a good pouch brief out there please let me know."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased this bra on sale at TJ Maxx awhile back.  When I tried it on at the store, I was amazed at how well it fit--the bra sat smoothly against my body, fitting snugly around my curves, with no gaping or riding up anywhere.  I am a B-cup, and I like that this bra has just a slight padding to it, yet doesn't feel like armor (which is how my husband has described some of my other padded bras!).  The smooth satin is very comfortable to wear, and the various colors are very attractive--I actually have the \"snake,\" which is simply a pretty spotted green with some purple flecks.  I knew from the moment I purchased this bra that I was going to want to buy another one like it; I even saved the tags.  Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have used a version of this bag for many years and keep coming back to it.  I tried a Baggallini bag recently and decided I didn't like it so well because it actually had too many compartments for me and I'd forget where I put things.  With the Ameribag, I find things more easily.  I also need to carry a water bottle with me and this bag has just the right amount of space for it, whereas I didn't have that with my Baggallini.  I have lengthened the strap to use it cross-body style, which is more comfortable for me to carry.  The extra-small version is just right for me, a short person.  The larger ones are a little too big.  With this size, I can fit a baglet inside, which can be handy at times.  I like that this nylon bag is washable.  It cleans up easily!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Wow, these are just SO comfortable to wear.  I've worn so many different kinds of shoes over the years.  A $400 pair of dress shoes may have some comfort when on your feet for ten hours, but these are just like walking on air.  I've put on a few pounds and my feet are not as forgiving as in my youth, but these are some of the most comfortable footwear I've ever worn!  In a weeks time I've had three strangers stop me and ask about them, and another two have said, they own 'em and yes, it isn't just me, these Merrell Jungle Mocs are truly comfortable.  I've never recommended shoes before, but I'd recommend considering these for real comfort."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These shoes shipped fast and fit perfect. I needed work shoes to wear during 12 hour shifts in an ER. These are awesome for that. They support my feet and they do not rub my toes raw. They are also easy to put on and pull off. They are not the best looking shoes though. My wife makes fun of them all the time on me but I don't care. They feel amazing. Perfect shoes for work but I would not wear them out in town or on date night."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was originally looking at the Sandstone Sierra Jacket but after trying on the Sandstone Active Jacket at a local store, I realized that the active jacket is more suited to getting in and out of a car... less \"jacket\" in the arms and waist. Both are very comfortable and warm. The hood serves as a scarf and as a hat when I get caught in the rain, sleet or snow. I am 6'1\" and approx 200lbs, the large fits me well, comfortable with some room for layering when needed. Frontier brown is a good shade - not brassy but not flat. I really like this jacket."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The watch I received did not have the word \"Titanium\" on the dial as shown, which led me to think that it was a fake. Returned and waiting for a refund. I'll be buying this watch again but from a different merchant. Do not purchase this particular Skagen model from Jomashop.Updates*: So I returned the watch and ordered another one, this time, from Watchstar. And guess what? It doesn't have the word \"Titanium\" on its dial either. I suspect that Amazon just sent me back what I had returned. I guess I'll just take the 30% off they offered for this faulty product."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "There are actually two ways jeans fit, below the waist ( by that I mean about an inch below your belly button) known as low rise and regular fit. The low rise are good if you are thin with a narrow behind. Levi's 501 are regular fit and straight leg. They tend to run about an inch too long, so if you inseam is 34 get 32 to 33. The main reason I like button fly is due to the fact nothing gets got in the zipper! I paid about $10.00 less than at local department stores. Good job, excellent jeans."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This waist cincher is perfect to accentuate an hourglass shape. The inner-contour bands in the middle help create a fierce silhouette. I regularly wear steel-boned corsets, and find this to be a great summer alternative. For comfort, I suggest wearing a corset liner underneath if you wear for an extended period of time. Next time I order, I will size down as it is not snug enough for my taste. Remember to buy cincher by waist measurement. Pair with a bullet bra for an extreme look that is bound to turn heads."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Purchased this sleek looking watch for my wife.  She is hard on watches and I didnt want a $1500 Omega that would be scratched and destroyed a year later.  This watch exudes classic femininity and looks stylish in work, play or sporting environments.  Very reasonable cost with the only downside that it is water resistant but not water proof.  It can probably withstand a shower but obviously not diving in the ocean.  My wife received it and enjoys it, so happy all around.  Would buy another one a few years down the road, when the current one gives out.  Nice buy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Bought this on a whim, and I absolutely love it!  For larger sizes, it's not super supportive, but still gets the job done.  Really attractive but somehow still kind of modest.  No lines or pointy boobs!Pros:- Sizing seems accurate (I wear 40D in Victorias Secret, same here)- full coverage without lines or pointy boobs- kind of sexy but kind of modest at the same time- washes well - no color run- thinner, but the lace is thick enough to prevent any major nip issues (still wouldn't wear with super thin tops though)Cons- very light support for the larger sizes ( I'd widen the strap!)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My 13 yr old son has always been almost impossible to fit. He has always had long legs and a small waist. Pants shopping is a nightmare! We tried skinny jeans but he hated the tight fit in the lower leg. They were a hassle to remove and put on with school gym class.I just got him new jeans and they are finally just right. He's about 110# and 5'6\". I got him these jeans in a 29 waist / 34 inseam. Sadly, I did not buy them on Amazon. Nor at a store - no one seems to carry this combination of measurements in the store. I admit I didn't think to look here, which is surprising since I buy a lot on Amazon. Still, I write this review in the hopes that other parents with my problem will find it helpful to see what fit my son, based on his height and weight"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I used to wear Levi's, then switched to Lee jeans years ago. Used to buy Lee Jeans at Mervyns (great sale prices). Now that Mervyn's is out of business and I need to replace aging Jeans.I gave these a try based on the reviews here. Fit is very good. (I'm slender 6' 160lbs) Jean material is thick, overall well made. I have bought 2 pairs now. (Dk stone and stone wash). Very happy with these jeans.. I will buy more before the holiday sale ends.Update: 4-20-12. I have 6 pairs now. They have held up very well for 6 months washing and drying. Quality is as good or better than Levi's or Lee jeans. Material is definitely thicker than both. PRICE is fantastic at ~$25. I only wish they had 31\" waist which fits me a little better."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this Texsport bag to store myGuide Gear Double Wigwam Tent.  This bag is huge and is big enough for my 8-man tent with room to spare.  The only thing I don't like is it doesn't come with a strap.  There are plastic loops where we can attach a strap, but we must supply our own straps.  It does come with carry handles and a zipper down the middle, which I like more than the ones that open on the end.This is one tough bag.  Great for camping.  I'm glad I found it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I washed it one time and started to have problems. When I wore it stayed in place and held everything together then I washed it and the stitching started to come loose. I had to sew some of the hooks back in place but it still worked. Maybe the idea is not to keep it on long but I wanted to wear it to work. (they say women carry themselves differently if you wear things like this under your cloths). So I needed it for longer wear which this did not stand up to all the daily movement."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Here's what I wanted and got:Slimming torsoEasy to put onFlatters in every dress I tried on with itAppropriate push up for my boobsI normally wear a 34E but I got tired of the cups covering my entire boob which made them look like C's.  I wanted a slimmimg push up effect but not too much because I am already endowed.  This does it!Cons:There is a tiny bit of boob that drops under the underwire.  Not at all a big deal for me because it's not uncomfortable and it's unnoticeable when Iwear tighter fitting dresses."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was going whitewater rafting for my bachelor party and wanted sandals I could wear in the river. I also wanted them to last. I turned to Columbia. The sandals are decently comfortable, but take some breaking in. Expect a sore foot the first 3-5 wears.The sizing was accurate and I did not feel that they were too big or too small.The only problem I had (well two...) was that they did not stay on very well in the river. The front strap kept being pulled over my toes so my foot was resting on top of the front strap. This was rather inconvenient while trying to prevent yourself from drowning in raging rapids. The second is my wife hates them and thinks they make me look like a computer nerd - if only I wore socks with them.The water had no ill-effects on the material."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have these in nude and black.The nudes have lasted much longer than your standard grocery store hose, which is nice and expected for $8 hose.  I've worn them three or four times and they're still fine.The black I'm wearing now - put on for the first time and I already had to use nail polish to stop little tiny holes from growing. (My nails were filed and I wear hose all the time so I know how to put them on carefully.) It could be that these holes are just  more noticible with black.I love that these do not have the rubber elastic in them, which is hard to find and why I purchased them.However, the band is two times as long as it needs to be. Even with my garters cinched up all the way, I struggle all day making sure that the band doesn't peek out from my knee length skirt when I sit down.  That's particularly awkward for job interviews and such."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Not the best pants in the world but these are Dickies. If you want a pair of &#34;office casual&#34; pants that will last you and are cheap these are it. Wash them a few times before wearing to lessen the &#34;swish&#34; sound they make as you walk and loosen them up a bit.Like the header says, standard. These pants are pants. You get 2 front pockets and 2 back packets that will fit keys, a wallet, a lighter. Hook snap at waist and zipper fly.  Color. I never iron them. Standard wash and dry. If I leave them in the drier too long they come out wrinkled and I just hang them for a day and they come out fine.I bought these to replace 2 other pairs I have in rotation that I have worn at the office for 3 years now.Belt loops are a tad tight for thicker leather belt."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is my second casio watch and I like my purchase.  The face of the watch is bit larger than a quarter.  It is pretty much unisex, I had no qualms using it.  My wrist are thin, and this watch looks great.  The best part about the watch is that it is pretty much waterproof so I don't fear it breaking when I forget to take it off when I for instance wash the dishes.  It is durable, the face can scratch easily but so far I have taken good care of it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "If you want something to keep you warm that's not going to show bulk under your tightest sweater, this is what you want.  In fact it's so sheer, I can't even find mine.  I think it's hiding somewhere in the inner reaches of my washing machine or maybe clinging to one of my bed sheets.  Other than that, it's fine;  easy to wash and it dries (not in the dryer) in a very short time.  Now if I could just find it...."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "my non control top pantyhose with sheer toe nylons are very sheer and pretty pantyhose, im an older woman who wears pantyhose and nylons everyday, non control top pantyhose are the same as sheer to waist pantyhose, so if i want a sheer pantyhose look on my legs my non control top pantyhose are wonderful. i wear these pantyhose in the sheer toes as well. i think i have these nylon pantyhose in the reinforced toe pantyhose too. i usually wear no nonsense pantyhose and nylons but i like hanes pantyhose also, i own several pairs of these pantyhose, they seem to last as long as my other pantyhose."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Title says it all. (This is the third Skagen I've purchased. I like the small, light design.)Also, some reviews of these watches say that the clasp tends to undo itself too easily, but I think that the current version of the watch has corrected that problem.Good: Keeps time well, comfortable, looks great as a dress watch *** BUT I SUGGEST THAT YOU ONLY WEAR IT WITH A DARK SUIT ***Bad: I've had it for a while, and mainly use it as a dress watch, and I have had nothing to complain about so far. In terms of color coordinating, its dark band and face means that is not as versatile a dress watch as the silver Skagen, so if you are have one watch, then stick with silver."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a handy sun visor. It does not mess up my hair since it just slips on. It does not give me headaches. I frequently wear it in the car to help cut down on early morning or late afternoon sun glare. On a breezy day it does not flip away from my face like the brim of my favorite sun hat. When I am going inside and outside I can slip it around my neck so it doesn't get misplaced. This makes it very convenient when traveling and sightseeing. I currently have 2 in go-with-everything black and tan colors."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The shirt is fine, good quality, fresh, comfortable, like the picture. It is a little delicate if you touch with it surfaces irregular... some strip can fall out. I bought two sizes more thinking about my son could wear it for more time and it will not fit too tight like picture... maybe that is uncomfortable for a kid BUT although that size fit relax but fine the sleeve is too long, I had to cut it so I think that the better way is to buy it in the correct size or maybe one size more and cut the sleeve. Wherever, my son loves to wear this tee.(Sorry for my english)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am a physician during the day and an avid basketball player at night. I never use the stock insoles that come with my nike basketball shoes. They just won't cut it. The Sole inserts are the best non-prescription orthotic grade insoles your can buy over the counter (internet). These will mold to your feet after heating them in the oven for a few minutes. The arch supports and padding are fantastic. They add to your balance and help to align your back and prevent foot injuries. I have at least 10 pair of these and I love 'em. They are the best."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I never imagined myself getting a sports-style nursing bra as I have never found sports bras, on their own, to be particularly supportive for me.  Without any special gadgets I could spot, I didn't understand how such a style of nursing bra would do well for me.  However, this one had so many positive reviews and I had heard such good things about the company...This bra is far better than I expected.  Yes, it's a \"sports bra\" but I was amazed at just how supportive and shapely it is.  I am completely comfortable in this bra (thanks to the lack of underwire as well as the incredible support), whether it be day or night.  The clasps are easy to work as well without too much fiddling."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I just received these socks yesterday. So I went for a long walk today. 5 miles out in the country. The socks felt great in my walking shoes. I had to kind of rush for the last 2 miles to get home for my son, so I put the speed on. The socks even felt good at a good clip. They are nice and soft and cushy, yet they do not feel bunchy in the shoes. Overall a great sock. I will try them with hiking boots as soon as I can."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are tiny, tiny earrings.  Yes, the photo shows the measurements, but it is so extremely magnified that you don't realize they are half-an-inch EACH...and that's not big at all.  The photo must be at least 5x larger than actuality.  Other than that, they're pretty, but way too small.  I was buying these for my grandmother, but had to rush to get her something else once I received these.  I will definitely be more careful when buying jewelry online!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "All right, let's get right down to it! When it comes down to intimate apparel, there is nothing that captures a man's eyes and imagination as thigh-high stockings!These soft and sexy stockings wear well, and stay up. So, you don't need to use a garter, but I do recommend one. (I don't believe in understatement in the bedroom.)I highly recommend these stockings to you - or for you men, buy them as a gift!(Review of Sheer Lace Top Back Seam Thigh Hi Stockings)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "We received these shoes as a gift, and I'm actually ordering a larger size for my daughter now.  I love these shoes!  They're so adorable, and we constantly receive compliments on how cute they are.  My daughter has been \"standing\" since she was about a month old, and she's actually started to wear out the bottoms from pushing herself along when she's in her walker.  Even so, I'm really quite pleased with the construction and materials.  They're very easy to slip on wiggly feet, too.  These have become my go-to gift for expectant moms with a baby girl on the way."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Good news guys & gals, if you are plus size, or big & tall, and lamenting that you can't wear these panties, they will fit you! I have a 48\" waist and I normally wear a size 9/XL panty, but I wear these in size 7 and they fit quite comfortably and still have some give to them! They don't pinch, bind or ride up. There is plenty of room up front for the male anatomy. I recommend that you hand wash and hang-dry these, they will last longer. If Jockey made these for men, then us men wouldn't have to wear panties!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wanted a 1\" gold hoop and found it with these earrings. The gold is shiny and beautiful. The clasp is solid and stays together. It is hard to find this size hoop. These are replacing a very large pair my husband bought me for Christmas. (They were so huge that I looked like DUMBO!)These are perfect to wear for dress-up or casual. I wear lot of turtlenecks so was looking for a pair that would not get caught all the time in them. This is the perfect size.I also have very short hair - so these earrings complement my hair style without overpowering me.They are also very comfortable - so much so that I sometimes forget I have earrings on.Buy with confidence. These earrings will delight anyone looking for a decent quality and reasonably sized gold hoop."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Buy as many pairs of these as you can afford.  I bought one pair at a bass pro shop in LA and I was hooked. Yes they are expensive but they don't: bind, cut in, chafe from sweat, and can last several days without their unwashed nature being noticed.As an experiment I washed them in the shower wrung them out and wore them wet under my pants in the south. It was 90 degrees outside and they stayed cool for about two hours then dried. Which was very nice. My girlfriend thought I was nuts and told me so regularly.So I bought 4 more pairs. One boxer, one brief, and two boxer briefs. The 80$ took some consideration and courage but they are that good.A side consideration: I bought them in all colors but white. Don't buy white underwear you plan on wearing for days and washing in the sink. Ha ha."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Great jacket! Very warm! I've only warn it a few times but it fits great.  I got a Tall size because I'm 6'5\" and I don't think I've ever had a jacket fit so well.  Looking forward to having this for the bitter Chicago winter.  It's stiff at first, but that's what you'll get with tough gear like this.  If you want something soft and fancy looking, go somewhere else (i.e. northface, columbia). This is definitely a tough jacket for tough guys!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The wife went for an Mt Everest Base Camp trek, from Lukla to EBC and back to Lukla- 11 days. The problem was the weight allowed was only 8KG (about 17 lbs) for the porters carry, therefore even extra pairs of socks were a bad item to haul. She carried 4 pairs of these socks and they did an amazing job of keeping her feet clear of all the sweat and ensured that she suffered no blisters doing about 8-9 hours of walking at that altitude.She wears shoes- Timberlands 7.5M and Reeboks US 9.5- probably due to the differences in widths. These socks fit upto US 9.5 for men perfect, and if you are 10+ then these may not be for you.All in all, she recommends this for any prolonged wear and for closed shoes, unlike track/sports shoes, where ventilation could be in issue. Absolute recommended buy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have worn Reef's for many years. I have a very high arch and narrow foot so it can be a challenge to find a snug enough fit. These sandals envelope my foot and embed it far enough that it gives great support. The arch is superior to any Reef sandal I've tried. They are not too light and therefore are more durable. While I only wear these indoors as a house slipper, I am sure they would be comfortable walking over most road surfaces, including gravel.  I don't suggest that this sandal is only for narrow feet. Through repeated wearings they have grown much looser on my foot, but that is what I have grown to expect considering most sandals are made for and average size feet. I highly recommend these sandals."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am also a buyer who bought this for my mother, who is in her eighties. It is absolutly perfect, and quite attractive, for the older set, being of a more conservative design. It may possibly work for a younger person, if you know how to jazz it up.The weight is perfect for indoor use, and thin enough to layer under a jacket for outdoor use, if needed. It seems to be made quite well. There is a plethora of colors to choose from. I bought the Navy, to play it safe, but may buy my Mom more of these sweaters in varying shades to spice up her wardrobe. This sweater has nice, clean lines, yet feminine with the subtle stiching details. Not cheap looking at all, attractive in appearance. Also it will be easy to launder and dry.I liked that this company included a catalog of their goods in the package, as there are quite a few wardrobe items that my Mom would really like, without breaking the bank."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "For $7 you get 4 of these things - what more can you ask? I bought these as opposed to buying new racerback bras. They are certainly tricky to install - probably best if you ask a friend for help. BUT once in place, they work really well to keep your straps in place, and if you have a top or dress that dips in a little as I do, they are great for helping to hide your straps! The beige color is more of an ivory than a nude, which was my only disappointment. But glad I got them!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear Wacoal all the time and the band size on this definitely runs small (I'd say by one size; I'm normally 34D, but could have used a 36 in this; I think the sizing issue is because the band isn't adjustable and they decided to err on the side of too snug). The lift is nice, and the straps sit in the middle of the shoulder as pictured instead of riding to the center like so many t-backs. The fabric is quite thin so don't expect any, er, cold-weather protection. I do recommend it, just know what you're getting."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a nicely constructed bra. The best part is the thin straps and sexier appearance than most large bras. I have gained quite a bit of weight since having my last child and have thus found these to not be as comfortable for me anymore. The top of the underwire digs into my underarms and hurts. If you have a large cup size and a small frame with not very much side tissue, then this would be the perfect bra. Having a large frame (unfortunately) and a large cup size, I find the Elomi bra to be a better fit. Panache makes absolutely beatiful bras, though. Also, in terms of construction, I don't think these are quite as sturdy or well made as Elomi."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These don't give me much support but I did not really expect them to. I wear a 32D and ordered a size C they covered perfectly. I feel like this may work better if you are fuller on top. I'm fuller on bottom and the tabs just pull the skin and makes me look wrinkly. They did give me some support, however they also made a strange cone shape and made me look quite pointy. I would wear these with something that already has some support or is a thicker fabric. However, they will definitely come in handy with certain outfits and would be perfect for a special occasion dress that already has some structure."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Its hard to find regular Dickies work pants these days and if you do find them, they seem to only have 2 maybe 3 colors available if youre lucky. So I was pleased to find these Dickies in Olive green. It is a great color. Not like a Christmas green, and not an army-like green like the normal \"olive green\"  seems to come out to look like in other clothing. These are typical Dickies quality work wear. However these pants are worn for regular every day use pants and not \"just\" working... but they hold up great to both. Thanks Dickies. Please keep making lots of colors and this style! Some guys like normal pants fit and not the leg hugging modern style today."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "When i got this jacket i assumed that its for really cold weather because of the thermal lining.Its what i consider a 40 deg jacket maybe even lower if you layer something underneath.If you are looking for one that can handle colder temp i would suggest a quilted or parka lined Carhartt jacket.I have owned this for about 1 1/2 years now and it still look as it did when i bought it.I didnt give it 5 stars mainly because the zipper can be a PITA at times and the thermal lining is thin and not comfortable if you are wearing a short sleeve t-shirt."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I recently bought several wrap and faux-wrap dresses that could show off WAY too much leg if there's a slight breeze, so I needed something a bit modest to spare the world a view of my blindingly white legs. This slip works PERFECTLY. It's beautiful and comfortable. It also makes me feel a bit like a '40s film star. Women need to dress like this more often!The fit: I ordered my bra size. I've got that lovely pear shape going, and it still fit perfectly over my hips. I'd order more colors (I got the black), but they're all out of stock! Bummer."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This bra does what it claims it will do--it provides firm support even for plus sized women, and the support doesn't go away after washing.  I just wish it weren't so shiny.  It's not terribly attractive, just functional, but the straps will show with most clothing, so you may want a lacy camisole over this.  Unless they can change the shininess without reducing the support, I'll live with it 'as is'.  A great bra in terms of function!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are definitely some of the most comfortable boxers I've ever worn. That being said, I am not comfortable wearing these in a day-to-day capacity. For hiking and the like, these are great. But I've found they can move around and cause a little chaffing if I wear them during my desk job which is odd, but the truth. These also run quite a bit larger than other boxer briefs, my medium size is almost baggy. Compared to my adidas climalite boxer briefs, which are quite tight, I can feel like I'm swimming in these. If I purchase another pair, I'll definitely be sizing down."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was told about these from my podiatrist and they are good for a wear everyday shoe. I wear these in my shoes everyday and for the most part they are good. They are not like my custom made orthotics but they are decent for everyday wear if you are on your feet all day. I am not sure how they would work in running or work out shoes since your foot is suppose to mold to them. The best method would probably be to put them in the oven like the directions state. I didn't and I just wore them until they stopped hurting and that let me know they molded to my foot, but I don't recommend this method. Use the heated method since it is faster."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This waist cincher is just what I hoped for and more. After carefully reading the reviews, I ordered the large even though my waist is 33 inches. I was worried that it wouldn't fit or make much difference, but the results were fantastic. It highlights my hourglass figure and makes me feel much more confident in clingy dresses. As others have mentioned, it won't work under very clingy and thin fabrics because the fasteners will show through.I have worn this for hours at a time, including on a long car ride, and it is more comfortable than expected. It also helps my posture, which is nice. FInally, I appreciate that it is easy to care for--I just wash it on the delicate or handwash cycle and hang to dry. I was so pleased with it that I ordered another in beige."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm wearing this watch right now and I can say this is the best watch I have ever owned. It may not be fancy, but it is durable and functional. I've had it for 6 months and as a fishing guide in Yellowstone National Park, it has held up to everything mother nature could possibly throw at it. Snow, rain, sleet, days of hot sun, and up to 100 feet of water. I am also a diver and when it says water resistant to 100 meters, it means it. This is now my go-to diving watch because the buttons are so easy to push, even with bulky gloves on.The band is surprisingly durable and the velcro snaps together like the day I got it.The only negative is that the face scratches pretty easily, but even with the scratches the time and numbers are extremely legible.If this watch ever does give out, I will 100% buy another."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Works as advertised, comfortable, quick drying with minimal care.  The material is very stretchy so it moves with your body during activities.  They pack small and light so you can take a few with you during travel; although you won't need many as they are easy to handwash and quick to dry.One of my favorite items offered by Exofficio.Normally, I use the boxer briefs only for travel but am slowly working them into everyday rotation.  I just need to buy more.The only downsides are that colors limited and the boxer briefs can get expensive.  However, prices are known to drop from time to time so wait and get them when they are 45-50% off the $30 MSRP."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "As suggested by other people, this bra DOES run small in the number and a bit more spacious in the cup size than the average bra. If you like your bras on one of the inner hooks, measure your ribs where your bra sits and add 4 to the number - if you only add 2 you will be wearing it on the outermost set of hooks.I'm a 40H - I ordered a 42G and it fits very well - though I prefer to have at least 1 extra set of hooks that are looser than what I use just in case.Would I order it again? Yes.Would I probably pick a 44G instead of a 42G having tried this bra? Unless I lose some weight in the near future, yes."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Very nice watch. I get complements on it all the time. I paid about ~69 with prime shipping and am very pleased.(Fulfilled by Amazon at the time.)The band is smooth, no hair pulling. Very sturdy. Titanium is a wonder metal. If you break this watch your arm is probably gone too. I'm pretty rough on watches and this one is holding up well.The band system is the best. Fully adjustable across the whole length and any excess stays put hidden beneath the other half and is not noticed by look or feel. Very secure latch that took me a bit to get used to but was mainly caused by tight tolerance in manufacture. Looser now from use and perfect.Slim sharp and tough. Very nice watch."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "For a few years I have wore the Jockey GO Mesh boxers - same idea - you really only need 2 pairs on a trip of about any number of days.  I actually ended up wearing them every day, for everything.Canoeing, woods, fishing, hunting, etc...I will never go back to cotton again.For reasons I can't imagine...Jockey quit making those and I have been on a search for a few months to find more.  I get about 1 year out of a pair, or at least I used to.The Good news - I found these!  The \"pouch\" is much larger in these and more comfortable...and the fabric is even more \"airy\".  Really nice when it's 105 degrees and you are sweating your tail off!I ordered 2 pair to try - loved them - and now came back to order 3 more pair.Yes, it's a lot to pay for a pair of underwear...but to me, they are worth every penny."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "After years of trying different brands and suffering from endless wedgies, these are absolutely the only underwear I'll ever buy again.  They are incredibly comfortable, and unless your pants are skin-tight, they really don't show a panty line; the elastic around legs and hip is so thin.  That thin elastic, plus the right amount of stretch and shape in the derriere means they also don't ride up.  The hip brief is my favorite style; they hit below the waist so don't look like granny panties (and I'm a granny!), but not as low cut as a bikini.  They are nearly perfect in every way; I just wish they made a few more colors and cuter patterns but I can live with that given the comfort level!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Im usually a xl or xxl. With this jacket Im a large, I think I could of maybe got a medium even. This jacket is very warm and makes a good winter work jacket for me here in connecticut. This is NOT a light spring or fall jacket. 45 degrees and up you sweat. Its very tough and the arms are long enough. The hood is insulated so its very warm. You do not need any kind of winter hat when wearing this jacket with the hood up. My only problem is the zipper is hard to zip for the first couple of inches but its very slowly getting better with time. Im not sure if all the zippers are like this or just mine."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This isn't as 'sexy' as some bras, but it looks GREAT under clothes, and is supportive without feeling constrictive. Sometimes when this is sold in outlets, something is 'off' in the material; it's a little scratchy....but from Bali or as this was sold from Amazon, it's l00% right.  Washes well and lasts so much better than some of the fragile bra fabrics.  Maybe not so special for 'date night', but for a great bra to wear all week, it's terrific."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Be sure to go up in size. Anyone who wears Dickies apparently knows this. I looked at my man's pants to order him new ones, and there was no size that I could find on the old ones. So I ordered his normal pants size. Way too small. So I sent it  back and went up 2 sizes, and that was too big. Should have ordered one size up. Know your Dickies size and write it down!The fabric is stiff and sturdy, almost indestructible, does not lose its color in the wash."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I had a pair of Reebok Hi-Top sneakers years ago and wore them to threads.  I hadn't seen any locally and had basically given up, until stumbling upon them on Amazon.  I was delighted to get another pair.I remembered, and I'm glad I did, that these shoes run on the small and narrow side.  I normally wear a size 9, but went up a half size to 9.5.  And, they fit perfectly, with room for a light, gel type orthopedic insert, which I think is necessary because the footbed is not very cushioned.  There is moderate arch support.I know many younger folks like Hi-Tops as a fashion statement.  I really like them for the ankle support, particularly with this shoe because the double velcro straps provide for necessary adjustments for perfect comfort.These shoes are a blast from the past.  I may have to spring for a pair in black for the upcoming fall/winter."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was doing a lot of reading online.  And the bras with the best support are seamed bras.  Most of the new seamless bras are overly padded and flatten me out.I looked at my local stores but it's very hard to find a seamed bra that isn't a minimizer in huge sizes.  Most start in D cups.This is an attractive bra visually and I would normally just order up one size,  but I look like I should be the musical \"Grease.\"  Or in a 1950's TV show.My husband said I was a walking weapon in this thing.  I could use my breasts to poke the eyes out of a potential attacker.It does not look like the photo of it on amazon.  Anyone who put this on, would have to push their breasts into the front of the narrow part of the cup to fill it, and would end up looking pointy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I like the color, but here again the inseam is about 2 inches too long (they are inconsistent). Here is the review i wrote for Lee:I am going to buy more Lee now than Levi's. I had never bought Lees until this holiday season. I now have several pairs and they are consistent (so far) in length and quality. i am 6 ft 3 and usually buy 34 x 34. With Levi's sometimes the inseam is slightly too short and other times it is almost 2 inches too long. I have many pairs of Levi's now that i must get hemmed. Plus their quality varies - maybe depending on where they are made. Some pairs seem more like Spandex than Denim. Nevertheless, sometimes i like the colors that Levi's offer so in the future i may buy them again. But mostly now Lees."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've had this watch for about a month and a half as of 9/4/06 and it has kept accurate time, I compare it to my Casio Waveceptor watch (MTG920DA-1) which calibrates itself every day.The dial is a beautiful blue color, which catches the light nicely. The easily adjusted band is comfortable, and the entire watch and band are so thin and light on my wrist.While I don't wear it every day, it has shown no signs of wear and has a good quality feel to it, though thin and light (once again).This watch will look elegant on any wrist, it's simple: no date or sweep second hand, but eye-catching."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I received this bra 2 days ahead of the scheduled delivery date. Great job Amazon. The material is is A-One quality. Nice wide straps, the thin lace cups leave just enough transparency to get the imagination in overdrive. lol. The underwires are just right and make for a well fitted bra holding everything in place as it should. Only regret is that the cup size seemed a little larger than I had expected.  Probably should have ordered a B cup? But with my breast enhancers inserted I can fill it out for a nice fit.  This is certainly a sexy appearing and very comfortable bra and deserves the high ratings given by most of the other reviewers."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My order arrived in good time & packaged well.  I usually only purchase named brand jeans but sincethe size I was looking for was not the normal size you find with Jeans , I decided to purchase it., Very pleased with Carhatt,this is a nice fitting Jeans & soft to the touch, It didn't have the stiff feeling you receive on other Jeans , this is def.the soft  fittings Jeans to purchase ,price was a little high, wish it was less expensive but since the size was perfect will purchase again  Tku  Trish  :o)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "For what I paid for two tutus is unbeatable anywhere!  I ordered a pink and turquios and they are vibrant and beautiful! The tutu is very full! Princess style! Not cheaply made! Not cheap materia! Obviously someone made these with love and care! I paid less than 7 bucks for a tutu I and I feel proud of my self for researching to the point of finding gold!Recommend 2-6 years!My daughter is two ! Wears size 4t and this skirt ( one size ) fit perfect and will probaly be able to accommodate her quickly growing waist for some time!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Have used Rockport's for years.  They use to be top of the line for comfort, yet look dressy enough to wear in the office.  Comfort, quality, and value......but something changed.  I bought a brown and black pair of this model.  They are wearing faster than the older models and are NOT as comfortable.  When you notice that you are wearing shoes that is usually a clue that something is not right.  The old Rockports you could put on and walk in all day and never think about your shoes or your feet.  Not so with this stiffer version.  Sadly looks like when these wear out will have to try to find a more comfortable shoe."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Look well made and durable... but if we are going based off looks these things look cartoon blue. These are a pair of work jeans I keep in my car for site visits at power plants and they are cartoonish how blue the darkstone are. The only thing worse than wearing a pair of dress slacks around a power plant are looking like a mark with these jeans.May just need a few washes to dim these out a little bit. Again, quality looks on point though. I will update if there is a fade to the jeans."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Shoe tree is well shaped, wood quality is excellent, spring tension is just right for the size (my large size trees fit everything from 10-11.5), and fit and finish is great for the price. Bottom line? Spending an extra 20 bucks to keep your shoes looking and smelling good (and making them last longer) is a no brainer. Go for it, you'll be glad you did.I think this is a well-known tip but I'll throw it out there anyway; sand your trees once in a while to expose new cedar to make sure it continues to work like new."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Received these as a gift and while as a general rule I enjoy wearing ball earrings I will NOT be wearing these. They are going to be returned ASAP. They really are awful, feel much more like plastic than gold and are sure to fall apart or dent on the first wearing.There are other pairs of 14k gold ball earrings in my jewelry box and even the ones that are much smaller weigh more than these.If your intention is simply to just own something made of 14k gold then I suppose these would serve that purpose but if you want a pretty and serviceable pair of earrings, pass these by."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've been wearing Levi 501s for over 25 years. By mistake I ordered these 505s instead of 501s. It took a little getting used to having a zipper instead of button fly. Actually I think the zipper may help increase the life of my jeans. Over time the buttons have tended to wear the buttonholes on my 501s making them a little loose.These 505s fit just as well as my 501s have fit over many years. I'll almost certainly continue to buy Levis for the next 25 years. The only question will be: 501 or 505?"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The watch is very attractive.  I do like the fact that it is so thin.  However, after receiving it I have found that I prefere a solid blue face as compared to this more modern style of the blue appearing differently depending on how the light happens to be hitting it.  This is personal taste, I just found that for me I don't particularly care for it.  It is a very beautiful watch and extremely light on the wrist, so even though I found I don't personally care for the style after receiving it I still gave it five stars.  I will be giving it to a friend for a holiday gift."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought these gloves a few months ago because I needed a good pair of running gloves when my morning runs were normally in the 25-30 degF range. I purchased them based on other reviews that claimed that they'll keep your hands warm while still letting them breath.The woven material sure lets your hands breath but that also makes my hands feel cold. As your body and hands move while you run (or even just walking) you'll feel the cold air hitting your hands and it was uncomfortable for me. My hands didn't feel frozen but it was unpleasant. I definitely wouldn't call it warm. When the temps were closer to 40 degF my hands felt better but you still feel the cold air.They seem to be a good quality glove that fits me well and should last a long time but they're not some magical fabric that manages to keep your hands warm while at the same time letting cold air hit them. My BS detector must be on the fritz."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "If you are looking for the Reeboks that were made in the 80's and 90's, this is not it.  The first pair I ordered in the size I have worn for decades was too short and way too tight thru the toe area.  Ordered a half a size larger and they were still tight thru the toe area and the heel area is too large, but the length was right.  I had to use inserts in the heels and put them in a stretcher to make the toe area comfortable.  Will not be ordering these shoes anymore."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I actually bought these from another site because of a 20% coupon code and free shipping,  although I did have to wait longer.....but anyways....Might I say this blue color is fabulous and uber cute! !!My feet are slightly wide. .. not wide enough for wide shoes,  but sometimes look puffy in mediums.  Mt size is a 9.I would say the 9.5 is perfect fit.  Not too snug,  even after walking 2 miles and my feet swell a bit,  they were not too snug and still felt good. Plenty of toe room too.The bottoms are a little more plasticy feeling,so to speak, than I expected but still comfortable.As a woman who has made the decision comfort is a priority but I still want a little cute,  I'm really happy with this purchase, perfect for the chic hippie,  lolBottom line. ..I world suggest 1/2 size larger and they are fine for a slightly wider foot.Happy Shopping :-)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The watch is very small. The face is about the size of a quarter, and the band is thinner than a half an inch. Some people say they can't see the date displayed on the watch, but I think those people might need to get their eyes checked. The date display is small, but plenty big enough to see if you have the right glasses prescription. Some people say the glowing wasn't bright enough, but I think it's great. I hate when it glows too bright to the point where it looks like you're trying to take down an aircraft with your watch. You can't see it glowing if you're in broad daylight."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I lost some weight and had to buy new 505's for the first time in years.The new 505 style is a lot less baggy and I look much thinner.When you try them on, you should realize that the jeans will initially feel tight.  However, after washing, drying and wearing them for a few hours, there's a lot more room in the thigh and waist; perhaps as much as 1 or 2 inches. When I first put them on, the jeans were a bit tight around the waist -- now I have to wear a belt.DON'T JUDGE THE PANTS UNTIL YOU'VE WASHED, DRIED AND WORN THE PANTS FOR A FEW HOURS."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "A friend told me these are the most comfortable undershorts ever so I ordered a pair. They were not cheap but they are ridiculously comfortable. Wearing them all day on planes and in airports last week I never noticed i was wearing them. They didn't bind, ride up, get bunched, or anything else that normal boxers would. I recommend these to ANYONE of ANY weight who finds current men's underwear uncomfortable. I have always used the briefs versus the boxers but I thought I would try these. THey are made the same but not quite as comfortable. Still worthy of 5 stars versus any other version but I would go with the briefs. FYI, I ALWAYS have preferred boxer shorts, so even if you prefer boxer shorts you may want to try the briefs version or you will miss out on some of the great comfort."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is what happens when you move a quality product from the US to a foreign country for manufacture.  I've worn Levi's 501's since before they were even called 501's (over 60 years) and this product is not a Levi 501.  It is pure garbage and I've ordered my last pair.  It really is a bummer to see what is happening to so many \"American\" products that are shipped overseas to cheap labor manufacturers.  I would even advocate a boycott of Levi until they return to the quality that made them famous...Now I have to search for a replacement...Maybe I'll try Wranglers....."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Just received the watch recently and it's just gorgeous. Really very beautiful. I do wish it had a second hand but I knew it didn't when I bought it. Another reviewer mentioned that the closed clasp when you wear it doesn't form a circle around your wrist. It's true, it's kind of square-ish where the clasp is and at first it bothered me but it doesn't anymore. I can't see it unless I turn my wrist over and it doesn't feel weird or anything. Just a minor thing anyway. The watch is not too small, not too big and is thin and sleek. I get compliments on it. I love it!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This bra fits great, and is comfortable.  Not \"you won't know you're wearing it\" comfortable, but \"WOW, all this support and I feel fine comfortable.\"The girls get plenty of support, not just north and south, but east and west, too.  They haven't been where they are now for 20 years!  This bra isn't lacy or frou frou, but it is pretty, the the lining does NOT bunch up and have you walking around with the dreaded bosom pleat.  I've never before found a bra with this much support combined with comfort and lining (we're not supposed to have nipples, you know).  I bought it because of the reviews, and I thank the other reviewers because I need look no farther for the perfect bra!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've had a very hard time finding good, well made, long lasting pants and jeans and in my size.  Due to disability I'm not able to exercise like I used to and I've gotten fat (why lie?) and finding sizes that fit are not that easy.  But even when I was slimmer I noticed that jeans and pants were not lasting as long as they used to. Belt hoops break off, zippers break and on one occasion the inseam from the crotch to the knee simply tore away as if weak threading.Not with CArhartt!  Tough, well sewn and made jeans that you can tell the firs time you hold them they were made to take a beating and keep going!  The size was perfect, fit was perfect, they hold their looks and the price was amazing, a sales price that was unbelievable.  Their regular prices are ok with me as you really do get what you pay for! Thanks Carhartt and Amazon!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "In my experience, it is rare to find a sports bra that doesn't create a breast shelf on larger cup-size women. This bra actually creates separation while providing appropriate lift (doesn't create cone breasts for me). It's very comfortable as well. As for support, I'd rate it as an 8 on a 10-point scale which is fine because, for me,  a bra that rates a 10 out of 10 for larger busted women has to be so tight and constrictive that it just isn't comfortable. One reason that this bra does provide very good support is that it is high cut enough to keep the breasts in place while moving around. Regarding fit, I initially ordered one cup size larger than my usual size since my past experience with sports bras was that they ran a bit small. I found this not true for this style bra, so I returned it and ordered my usual size which is just right."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered this bra with hopes based on reviews. Unfortunately, when it arrived, I was disappointed to find that it was not only completely sheer, but had no padding or molded cup. It is not a sexy bra either. It does offer a good deal of support, however. I went by the size chart as I am normally a 40G (north America) and purchased a 40F as per recommendation. Unfortunately the cup was a bit small, but as I live in Canada, return shipping is too expensive. Within an hour of trying on the bra, I went back to look at it, and noticed that the seam in the middle of the cup was already a centimeter unraveled.  But as I did not notice it before I removed the tags, there is nothing that I can do other than to stitch the hole up myself. I feel that I paid too much for a bra with a hole in it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "even if you are not, buy this watch.  I am a nurse, much like many of the other reviewers.  In fact, I bought it due to their reviews.  It is a fantastic watch.  Easy to read, has an illumination option and a handy date feature.  The only trouble I have is the size of the band (too long).  I will take it to a jeweler to take a few links out, however, the directions for doing this yourself make it looks easy (it's not).  Don't even bother looking for another watch, this one is a steal."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Purchased this to wear under a formal dress for a wedding.  The control and slimming aspects are outstanding; really made my dress hang well.  Unfortunately, every time I sat down, the bottom would ride up so once I stood again I would need to slip into the ladies' room to pull it back down.  I avoided anything with a seat because it becomes so cumbersome to go to the bathroom and thought this would be a good alternative but it was not.  I would buy a Ragu product again just not this style."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear nothing else and needed a new pair of boot cut. I might start wearing something else if Levi doesn't do something about what's going on with its labor force. C'mon Levi! You're charging enough for each pair of these things. Spread it around to those who make them for you. Had to be said.I really might never buy them again after recent news, but you want only to know about the jeans. They're Levi's, which, despite Brett Favre's claims, are still the best, albeit overpriced.Mainly, I can always count on them fitting, and once again these do. Best for me this time is the 35\" waist, which is unusual for Levi's."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased this watch about 3 weeks ago at a major chain membership store (for about forty bucks under retail).  I LOVE it.  The watch is very thin and does not get caught on sleeves or other clothing.  I have received about ten compliments on it in the short time I have owned it.  The face of the watch is a \"brushed stainless\" look and the band is both brushed and polished steel.  The dial markers are tiny tiny crystals (but do not look tacky in the slightest).  This is a very simple design for people who like the basics.  The watch has a very nice quality and I think will hold up for a long time.  The only thing I wish it had was a date indicator-but overall, this watch is a beautiful piece."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Being over 50 has it's challenges. I've been searching high & low for a bra that I would actually not hate & that was flattering.This is it!Pros:lightweight comfortable fabric.smooth look under topseasy wash,easy dry, keeps it's shapewill last a long timecomfortable strapsCons: because the material is thin, your nipples may show throughif you like this bra:it also comes in a T-strap version so that your straps stay put...Wacoal Women's Front Close T-Back Bra #65124ASIN : B000T3HS62exact same bra, different strap systembe aware though that with the T-strap version, the straps may not be covered by many tops...most of my tops, both round & square neck didn't cover the straps of the T-strap version"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Man let me tell you, I always wanted a pair of these but I was being cheap and didnt want to spend the money...But as you can see I broke down and went for it.  I searched and searched and I am so glad for Amazon's buyers writing reviews because this is what made me go for it.  I read most all of the reviews to make my determination of size because I made a mistake before because I didn't know to order a size smaller.  If you a female and are buying a pair of Converse you better get a size smaller if the listings say Converse Men.  I Love, Love, Love these dang shoes and I love the fact that now that I know what size to order.  The fit is perfect."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have had several zip around clutch wallets and it is the style I prefer.  The color is not fire engine red just a nice red color.  The leather is medium soft with a nice feel to it.  Love all the card holding spots and the area for a check book is easily used for something else. The snap closure is handy and keeps everything in place, you can access your money without having to open the clutch,  just  open the zippered area. Having a zipper change pocket on the side is so handy or you can use the zipper pocket in the zip around.  When all filled I still found this Buxton clutch to be fairly slim.  I'm very pleased with this clutch and would buy it again."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "A T-shirt may be \"only a T-shirt\" to some, but when you want a roomy shirt with generous proportions and substantial materials -- the all-cotton shirt is a bit heftier than run-of-the-mill T's -- this Carhartt shirt does the job. The armholes allow easy motion, and the body of the tall-sized shirt is longer than the norm of tall sizes from other manufacturers. Both features ensure all-day comfort for the active wearer. This holds for work and play duties alike. The only quibble: There's a small, cheesy (cheap-looking) manufacturer label on the front of the breast pocket. There are a lot of other ways and places to put a brand's name on a garment."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm not very impressed with the quality of Carhartt bibs/cover-all I purchased--I will admit that I haven't purchased a new Carhartt coat or bib set in a long time--I had no idea how low the quality has gotten. First, the zippers are very cheap and get stuck easily, 2. The canvas material is not what it used to be either, my old set seemed to be bullet proof but this new set is not the same. 3. The sizes are so different, I ordered the bibs/cover-all a size larger than I wear, but when they were delivered and I tried them on, it was as if they were two sizes smaller. The material is thin, and the insulation is very cheap and again not what it used to be. I am very disappointed in this Carhartt product, to the extent I will probably not trust Carhartt with any more purchases. The quality is very low, but the prices are way too high for the quality."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have very swollen lower legs and feet when I sit a lot, fly, or stand a lot.  I have a lot of compression knee hi socks and a pair of thigh highs. They worked pretty well in reducing the swelling, but never all the way, plus the elastic would dig into my leg at the base of my knee and leave a big groove.  My toes got pulled tight too.  Then, I found these socks.This brand and style and compression level are perfect in every way.  They don't dig into your leg at the top, they don't pull on your toes, they are very comfortable, look sporty, and they keep all of the swelling in my legs away.  I have 3 pairs now but I plan to get a few more.  So glad I stumbled upon this brand and style."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "First the shirts: I am 5'6\", 130Lbs (short, skinny) and ordered 3 smalls, in black, khaki, and dark navy for work at a tool shop. The shirts fit well and are very well made. Definitely will hold up better than a T.Secondly, I have never had a package shipped through Prestige, however I ordered these shirts Friday at 2am (very late Thursday night) and they were on my doorstep today, Monday at noon. That's 2 day shipping (Kentucky to Pennsylvania) and I didn't pay a cent (free super saver option selected). Absolutely hands down the best shipping service I've ever dealt with, I'm totally blown away and cannot offer enough praise. Good work Amazon, good work Prestige, good work Dickies.100% satisfied."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I own at least 5 or 6 golf visors.  I bought this one because I am constantly in search of a more comfortable one.  This one had such great reviews I felt that this must be super comfortable - NOT!!  No Headache Visor?  YES, BIG headache!!  By about the 4th hole it felt like my head was in a vise.  I guess I always thought I had an average sized head, and no one has ever told me otherwise, but maybe not?  All I know is that I've never had another visor, or any other hat for that matter, fit as tightly as this visor - this thing was just plain awful!  I won't be wearing it again!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have been looking for a great pair of Converse to wear with skirts and dresses. It has taken a while to find the right color, but I love this dark green. It is unique but subtle and very versatile. Obviously, the structure of these shoes is well known, the sole is thick and strong with good tread, and it laces up high. My one issue is they ran a little big. I usually wear a 9 1/2, but I knew I wanted to wear them without socks, so I bought a 9. Even the half-size down, they are a little big. Still, a great shoe and fabulous color!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have been wearing Hanes Silk Reflections for over 15 years now and I still love the sheer look and silky feel of them on my legs. I have many pairs of Hanes Pantyhose for daily wear in different colors as well as Silk Reflections Thigh Highs and Stockings. I have tried other brands but always come back to Hanes Silk Reflections. I have tried other brands of pantyhose that are as sheer but not as durable, I have found some that are as durable but not as sheer, Hanes has it all for me.  The fit is perfect they do not bag or sag at the knees or ankles even after a long day.I am an Amazon Prime member and that has been wonderful the shipping is always fast and on time. Whenever I can find my Hanes hose with Amazon Prime available I purchase them. It is so much easier to buy these online and have them delivered at no cost I am so happy with my Amazon Prime membership."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is an excellent shoe scraper.  However, to work effectively, it needs a base, which is not easy to attach.  Apparently you can remove the bottom brushes and use the drill holes, which I did not figure out.  I screwed a piece of scrap board into the bottom brushes from below (through the drill holes), which works fine, but requires fairly exact measurement.  The board extends @ 9 inches to each side of the brush.  I stand on the board with my off foot so that it is firmly anchored when I brush each shoe.The fit is very tight, which is necessary for the brush to remove debris thoroughly.  I suspect that reviewers who complain of the tight fit for large shoes have not attached an anchoring board.The product would be improved by the inclusion of instructions for attaching an anchor board.Because I have a small back porch, I have to keep the apparatus a few feet away on a paved surface."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are neat looking suspenders.  I bought them for my husband, and he had not worn them very much.  Today, the snaps came apart, and they are no good any more.  Hope you have better luck with yours.  First pair of suspenders I've ever seen do that.Update:  I wrote the above because I was unhappy when they broke.  However, they replaced them immediately and the new pair seem to be fine.  I love the design!!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Having previously purchased a Shadowline long gown in 2002....I was in desperate need of a new one...with red being my favorite of colors, this was a no brainer.  A red Shadowline...hands down!My previous purchase was from a local upscale dept store and through the years it has seen it's share of some rips and tears; however it is still together, just a lot of wearing, but I will not part with it even though it has now been retired.I'm so glad this item was available...and will be a continued customer of Shadowline (until maybe I have every color) and Amazon...amazing service ~"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Soft and really light.  Works really well and is very well thought out with 2 zippered pockets and an large Velcro pouch with 2 separate pockets.  I find this a very good arrangement.  Money in one zippered pocket and card and license in the other and the cell phone in the Velcro pocket. I also like the adjustment on the length of cord so you can wear it high or lower.  Not my everyday wallet as a full size Spec Op but this is great for days when more security is need or no pockets."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear a rago 1359 obg every day. with it on I have a flat tummy again. Wearing a girdle does meanwearing panties under (Vanity Fair Nylon Rivissant) - to help put it on and stockings (Berkshire It Fits)toprevent ride up. Dressing in the morning takes a bit of time but my girdle does stays in place. At first it is tight, then comfortable, and then I forget that I have it on. I do not have that girdled look and I really dolook better with my girdle on."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am thrilled with the quality of these earrings and so glad that with 14k gold, they are still quite affordable.The stones are excellently matched in color and just the perfect shade of brown that goes with anything.  They stand out on the lobe and I was worried they'd be really small, but they are not.  In spite of the decent size of the stones, these are really lightweight and you can't tell you're wearing them, at all.I think these would make an excellent gift and I'm considering buying an additional pair, just for that purpose!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This bra is beautifully made and quite supportive. I'm large-busted (anywhere between a 32DDD and H, depending on brand/maker) and chose to try a 34DDD for this bra since cups run small on most brands that aren't specifically for large chests, and this item doesn't come larger than DDD. It turns out to be a little large in the cup, which almost never happens to me! But the support seems good and the bra is both delicate and sexy while still providing coverage. I'll be returning for a smaller size."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought these jeans because I just got tired of the high price of Levis.  These things are so good, that I just donated my used Levis.  These fit nice. look good and seem substantial.  Since my first two pairs, I bought two more, and will soon order another two pairs.  Got to have plenty on hand.  I recommend them if you're a blue jean wearer, and want a better fit, that doesn't seem to shrink as much as some of the competition."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm not going to educate anyone about the genuine and authentic timeless classic that is the Levi 501 Jean.Nor do I want to listen to the whining about them not being the same quality as they were 20 years ago. Maybe they aren't or maybe they are, but these are what's available today and they remain a stone cold classic blue jean.What I really like about ordering them on Amazon is the many choices of colors in the sizes I need at a more then fair price.  Can't be beat."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Very fast shipping!Inflates easily and stayed inflated well.The elastic harness Velcros, so it's safe and it's gives a small 1/4\" adjust-ability to their size.They do stick out quite a bit from the sides of the child, but I think it adds to the excitement for the child.a lot of fun, The material is the same as that as a blow-up pool, so there is some durability, but seriously you have to expect that it can easily be punctured just the same if you are not careful."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm really impressed with these shimmers pantyhose tights . They're warm and durable like tights but have a really sexy semi sheer, shimmery look to them like luxury pantyhose. .Great to wear with a mini and heels to really show off  your legs and they'll still keep you  warm.They  fit fantastic and are very comfortable to wear for long days.They also give your legs support,  feels like you wearing leggs sheer energy pantyhose . I've  tried a lot of  tights and these are one of the best and the price is reasonable.Love them!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "this product is well made.  It really works as far as holding in your waist and improving your posture.  The only issue that I have is that you can definitely see the boning and snaps under anything that's not too thick (i.e. a t-shirt or a tank)  I won't be able to wear this under any fitted dresses......  oh well, I will continue to wear it for at least 8 hrs a day, 5 days a week and see if I get the results that others have stated they got."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "As another reviewer mentioned, it's hard to find an XS girdle/shaper and this one certainly does the job of taking away a couple inches off my waist to look great in wedding dress. However all of the cinching is at the waist and perhaps not enough in the hip area which gives you an almost unnatural silhouette: tiny waist, big hips, flattened top of butt - my torso and hips feel a bit like 2 sausage links separated at the waist but on the good side it gives you a very 50s  bombshell figure under the RIGHT type of clothes. I don't recommend wearing it under fitted or slinky clothing, for me that looks a little bizarre and you can clearly see the hooks. But it is perfect under layered clothing, much like a wedding dress!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It just killed me to have to pay this much for a bra but I have to say these are exceptional bras in every way. No bounce, true to size, feel great, look great. They are so pretty that you just want to wear them without a shirt so everyone can see them! Size runs true to form on these so order size you normally wear. Colors are fantastic and the material is so smooth and feels so good. I wore one walking today and it really helped my back, which usually hurts when I walk long distances."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Easily my favorite sandals I've ever owned. I've had them for almost three years now, and I still wear them and they haven't worn out yet. I would definitely buy them again. The only thing you need to know is that those run a little smaller than usual. My shoes size usually is a 10.5-11 depending on the brand and the 9.5-10.5 fits perfectly. It was a little hard to get used to it in the beginning since it molds to one's feet, but as soon as that happened, it was the most comfortable pair of sandals I've ever owned!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Being well endowed,I have a hard time finding boxers that fit just right.These boxers go on smooth,you can hang loose without falling out,yet it gives you room to grow if need be,also I like the back,just hugs the butt just enough yet stays loose. It feels like your wearing \"bear\"ly nothing.You can sleep in these,if you wish,(won't ride up),lounge and exercise in them.Being hairy,I noticed the white and lite colours boxers,there is some see thru.Also,they do not stick to the skin and living here in the South,we sweat so odor is wicked away.Can wear under shorts and dress/causal pants,jeans with ease. Highly recommend these boxers."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "All Carhartts are sized differently no matter where you buy them and always have.  Be careful that you know what size you wear for each different style before ordering.  We knew ahead of time which style size we wanted, and amazon saved us the 60 mile drive to the nearest CalRanch to purchase these.  This particular style is the closest to the hub's actual size.  They are PLENTY long.  That being said. Carhartts are the only pants I buy my husband.  They are as tough as they say. You can walk through a field of burrs and not feel them, and they are great in the snow.  Highly recommended as long as you know your size, because EVERY STYLE IS DIFFERENT."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I stand on my feet for 7 hours at a time in a professional job. This is my shoe w/ a walking insole inside I work it out just fine and no one notices I have on sneaks! I am on my fourth pair and looking for several replacements. Works great w/ slacks or khaki pants. (make sure if you are getting them as an alternative to a ladies dress shoe get the all blk w/ the all blk gumsole and all blk laces) Most dress shoes for ladies are very very uncomfortable even though they are fashionable and this one does both very well. The fact that I can machine wash makes them even more likeable."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've bought this brand of bra off and on over the years, but have noticed that the bras that come in white are about 1 1/2&#34; longer in the back.  I don't know why there is this discrepancy but the white bras are perfect.  The black bras can be used and fit fine, but you need to purchase a bra extender to place on the hooks at the back.  If it weren't for that, these bras would be in the trash.  This is a good bra in that it is not skimpy, but manufacturer needs to correct the defect in the black bras.  I'm hoping they are not making the white bras shorter and only the black bras are are affected."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These were great for my son's halloween costume.  Looks fantastic.  They are inflatable - I don't know if you can tell that from the picture.  You have to get them really inflated in order for the wings to stick out straight like they should.  My chief complaint is how the straps (very thin 1/4&#34; elastic) are attached to the jet pack.  It looks like they will break loose any moment.  Mine survived a halloween party and halloween itself, but I don't expect this to stand up to much more.  It did look great with the costume, though!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "my legs are mostly in no nonsense pantyhose but a co worker said to try the hanes sheer nylon pantyhose, i really like how sheer my control top sheer toe silk reflections pantyhose are, these pantyhose are very soft and sheer nylons, like all of my pantyhose when i pull up very sheer pantyhose i take my time so i dont run my nylons and pantyhose, once on i love how these pantyhose make me feel, i prefer reinforced toe pantyhose but sheer toes are nice also. i wear pantyhose and nylons everyday and now have several pairs of hanes pantyhose."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are very good shirts, great quality for the price and colors match what you see, but with a caveat, They are NOT outdoor-type shirts, and I wouldn't recommend them for barbecues (as the cook, I mean), mowing the lawn, golf, etc. They just don't breathe that well. But, if you're looking for a nice sturdy well-knit short sleeve to wear to work, or to other events, this is the way to go. In other words: classy, sturdy, and overall a good deal. It's not a light, &#34;stay cool&#34; athletic shirt, but works for everything else, it's better than I expected."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "So, yes, I suppose I'm going through my second childhood...but, really, I had good reason to order this watch for kids!  (I'm 68)  First of all I like lizards.  But beside that fetish, I needed a watch that is COMFORTABLE to wear, easy to get on, won't overpower my skinny old wrist and that is inexpensive enough so that if I smash the thing doing barn chores, I won't feel any great loss.  This little cutie absolutely rates top notch on all counts.  I can't tell you how many people have complemented my choice...perhaps they're also waiting for me to wear my underwear on the outside of my clothes, too....but hey....if you can't be &#34;different&#34; you're just another old lady who rides horseback. And it keeps perfect time, too!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Not my first Carhartt Work shirt, but first Henley with 3 button front. You can find work shirts for less, but this is a much better shirt, strong fabric double stitched - spend a few more $ and get the real deal with a Carhartt.Size; I'm just under 6' tall, 170 lbs 34&#34; waist and sleeve length - athletic build; usually wear a large but a Medium Regular fits me best. I wear a basic cotton T-shirt  under these.If you have a beer belly or chest measures larger than a 42&#34; regular suit a Large will probably be a better fit, also if you are going to wear over thermal shirt or sweater underneath go with the Large.I'm Carhartt brand loyal, I try to buy on sale, Henley was just over $20 so not much discount but Carhartt sells out - here on Amazon and in western wear stores - even if you pay full price you won't regret it.  If the shirt fits buy it in every color!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love this bra and ordered a few of them because finding a bra that fits is like heaven. An uncomfortable bra is like ill-fitting shoes and makes me cranky. I had purchased this size/style in a store so I knew it would fit. In general, I think the cup might run a little small. The thing I like is that the padding is thick enough that no one can tell when you're &#34;cold&#34; when wearing a think t-shirt, yet I don't feel overstuffed."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have two of these jackets.  and Love 'em.  I'm 5'6&#34; tall, and 150 pounds.  So I'm made for a Med.  The synthetic fleece lining is soft and warm, and the rip-stop shell is durable, and wrinkle resistant. The hood, is lined, and adjustable, via stretchy  shock cord, which is also used at the waist. The sleeves, are lined with nylon, and insulated.  This makes it easy to pull on and off over a heavy sweater.  Since this jacket is of all synthetic materials, It will dry much more quickly than cotton.  One inside pocket, Slash hand warming pockets. The chest and waist, are very roomy.  but the sleeves, not so much.The elastic in the cuffs, is snug, and not adjustable,  but OK."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Take care of it. I've never had a shoe tree before. It's awesome. As time passes my feet have gotten wider. This means my long time shoes need a little help ( I  have a bunion on one foot) for me to keep enjoying them. These Woodlore  Adjustable Shoe Trees seem to be made well, especially compared to a plastic counterpart. It makes cleaning and appreciating my shoes easier, plus the cedar helps shoes smell good.  I've already bought another shoe tree for a pair of lovely boots. Take care of your shoes so they take care of you."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Finally, finally, finally a strapless bra that is still where I put it on  when I take it off as long as 9 - 10 hours later.  I have never owned a strapless bra that did not, quickly or within 2 hours end up at my waistline unless I was continually tugging, pulling and wiggling it up to where it was meant to be.  It does not slide sideways either, I have had some that actually turned sideways unless I cinched them up to the point that breathing was a difficulty.  This bra is also comfy and has a good amount of cushion for softness.The fit is very true.  Wash in cold water and hang up to dry.  I am considering ordering another on just because it has taken me 40 years to find one that really works, I am worried it will disappear and I will not be able to get another one."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'd give 3.5 stars if I could.  They look great and seem well made. they are super lightweight which makes them comfy but if you have sensitive feet like I do, there is one thing that you may not like. The inside footbed has a pattern on it and since the footbed is a molded raised material, this bothers me some.  I prefer a smooth surface but again, it is because I am sensitive and it makes the bottom of my foot sore just like if you had tiny debris under your foot would.  The super light weight though really is fabulous. I also like that it has good toe room so your big toe does not rub on top."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Let me preface this by saying that I've had my pair of these Keens for ten years. Ten. I bought them in the Navy in 2004 and I've been everywhere with them. Islands in Italy. Germany. Boating. Hiking. Biking. Painting. Kicking. You get the drift.They are still in my closet ready for another summer of abuse. I absolutely LOVE them. If you buy any pair of sandals, you're wasting your money. These are the real deal. I wish I could show you them, but they're shy. :-)Still comfortable. Still durable. Still awesome. Buy and you'll rack up the experiences.Peace and good journeys."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Okay, so you're not going to be the belle of the ball by a long shot in these sandals...not even close...but that's not what they are intended for in the first place.  I just joined a rowing team and everyone on the team highly recommended purchasing a pair of Keens.  Our team color is purple, hence the color I selected (they are not as &#34;purple&#34; as pictured).  I took them out of the box, wore them around the house for a few hours, and was really surprised at how comfy they are.  In fact, I forgot I had them on. There isn't that &#34;newness&#34; or &#34;breaking in&#34; phase. They fit perfectly--and I did take the advice of others to order one half size up (a definite!).  I love them!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My wife bought a pair of these panties a few years ago just to try something new. She was so impressed at how comfortable they were that she asked me to try them on. I now own 24 pair of them! These are, without a doubt, the most comfortable underwear I have ever worn! They are stretchy, light, cool and they don't pinch, bind or ride up. I would suggest that you wash these on gentle cycle and hang dry them. They will last much longer!My only question is why doesn't Jockey make anything like this for their male customers? 0-0-0"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought a few of these Give-n-Go Briefs for my fianc&eacute;, We were a bit uneasy about size but we went with the (MEDIUM) and that was perfect. We were planning a hiking trip and it was going to be sunny and hot and it was! He wore these briefs the whole trip. They are super easy to wash ring and let air dry, in about 15 min depending on your environment The material is lightweight and very flexible with a sturdy waist band. Even after the trip was over they have proven to work at keeping the area dry and comfortable while doing everyday sweaty tasks. They were a great buy and soon we will add more until thats all the drawer will have."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I just returned from a year-long trip that took me around the jungles and beaches of Papua New Guinea, and this product was part of my pack.  These things take the heat and humidity without a second thought and managed to keep me dry and fresh every day for an entire year.  The material wicks away sweat and keeps everything happy underneath.  They also look nice enough to show off in the bedroom.I had a friend join me in PNG for a few months, and he brought a few pairs of cotton boxer briefs.  A few days in, his swamp butt go so bad I finally loaned him two extra pairs I was saving just in case something happened to the ones I was wearing.  He was a convert by the time he left and went home and immediately bought several more pairs to wear back in the USA.  These things save lives, people.  Get a few pair for your next trip abroad.  Your junk will thank you."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "i bought this jacket wanting a warm tuff work wear jacket.. my little brother has a carhartt jacket and he loves it.. it came very qucikly in the mail.( i love prime!!) and i at first i really liked this jacket.. but then i went outside and it was only 52 outside and i was cold.. idk maybe ive turned into a wussy living out here in souther cali but i expected this to be a jacket not a wind beaker.. iam sure this will be plenty warm with a hoodie under it but i wanted to have something a little warmer. overall it is a very well made jacket.. plus made in the USA which is something i really like about it and something that you just dont see anymore...  but in my mind lacking in the warmth department. i am returning this for a more  heavily insulated model."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These shoes are true to size, are authentic converse, are comfortable, and arrived on time and in the correct color.  My only complaint about converse is that they are a bit too narrow. However you can find them at pretty much any shoe store so you can always try them on first before you buy them.  I am happy about the price too (they were $10 more expensive at DSW than here on amazon).  They don't offer much in terms of arch support, but overall I can't complain."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "However for me it just doesn't hold enough to be really a piece I'd be able to carry long term. Now we all need so many club cards for stores you to those plus a credit card and drivers license you can barely squish your Health and Car insurance cards it it. Unless you don't have much to carry, I'd say skip it. Buxton, consider making this a little bigger to carry more and its a serious winner. Now if the banks would still make this style of checkbook It would be very convenient."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is the best pair of jeans I've owned in a very many years, and in every respect. The cut is ideal and handles my not-quite-slim gut while giving my leg a slim look. The denim is a real heavy weight that feels great on the legs. The pockets look good and are well sized. The jeans cold wash well. I hang them dry and they take quite a while. They've really made me feel more confident about how I look. Nice surprise given I never heard of the brand before."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was thrilled to get the Rosetta Stone and be able to begin a lifelong desire to speak Italian!The software was very easy to load and use. The simple approach to learning a language as a child does was one terrific idea!I agree with other posters that to become fluent you will need to purchase more than just this level 1 program. However, this does allow you to learn some simple things and I do feel you could communicate enough to get your idea across.And, it is FUN to do! I'm enjoying it immensely!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear a girdle every day - it holds in my tummy but gives me man boobs. I wear a bra forsupport and to shape my breasts. The Bali 3820 double support is wonderful. I wear a 40 Bcup and fill the cups fully - no padding, no pushup and no falsies. My bra makes me standtaller and I am not at all self consciou. With gridle and bra on I look and feel greatin my clothes - women's underwear does just provide the support I need and the shaping Iwant. Would not leave home without my foundations - also - do wear stockings to hold myOBG down (black) and panties (pink)to make it easy to pull on."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "A Great light layer. Perfect for rainy weather. LOVE the color and the side vents. You can stuff the whole jacket into the hand pocket. But the jacket is so lightweight, I think for packing it takes up less room laying flat. Love it.Update: I have had this for awhile now and have one issue. The zippers under each arm for the side vents are ripping out.I didn't notice it at first, but then I felt it. They are coming through the sleeve fabric and making holes. On both arms.I love this coat, so this a bummer. So I dropped from 5 stars to 3."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The product did fit a hair bit bigger than exspected but thats my fault for ordering a pair of shoes a half a size bigger than I normally wear.  Even so I love these shoes they are very comfortable. I bought them for use in the gym. Best pair of shoes for lifting in my opinion. Opposed to all these toe shoe people that have to or should wash them after every use. Stylin with my fuctional green kicks while I watch the bar bow from the massive weight I just ripped off the floor. (well massive weight for me). On a side note if you require walking any distance over irregular shaped gravel, covered in moon dust I suggest walking to the gym in your normal shoes. Feel every pebble from being spoiled from wearing shoes all the time."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I like the look of this watch very much, but 3 problems:  1) the band is relatively short, and 2) the straps to hold the band down (2) disintegrated after about 2 months, and 3) while the watch is waterproof, using it while swimming fewer than 6 times has resulted a faded and worn looking watch band. I'd buy it again if the band could be longer and there could be a more durable or perhaps a metal bracket to hold down the end of the band."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I just recieved my new Timex watch. I have been an avid Timex product customer for many years so my reason to purchase a Timex was an easy one. This particular Timex is from their Easy Reader Collection. I am legally blind and needed a watch I could read without having to strain or use my magnifying glass with. This watch accomplishes this as well as looks very appealing as many more expensive brands. As far as purchasing from Amazon.com you just can not find a company more dedicated to quality and service. I always recieve my purchases ahead of projected dates and after more than 6 or 7 years of doing busines have never had to return anything from them. Great appreciation and high recommendations to Amazon.com."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This jacket is a good quality heavy water resistant shell, which I find is better for me when used as a basis for layering than as a stand alone jacket.I live in the wet Pacific Northwest, and this jacket works great for fall/winter wear if mixed and matched with different weights of additional shirts/sweaters/hoodies etc.The body of the jacket is lined with fleece, the arms with a lightly padded nylon. I usually pair it with theDickies Men's Brawny Flannel Overshirtand a sweat shirt, which is a perfect combination for our changeable weather.The ability to tighten the bottom and hood of the jacket is quite helpful in a driving rain or strong wind. If you spend a lot of time outdoors, like I do, and engage in active sports or chores/work this jacket can be a useful and practical addition to your wardrobe."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Pros: no bounce, very supportive, holds everything in & even does some minimizing.The big con is their goofy sizing. I ordered according to the measuring system the company uses, which put me right in the middle of the #2 range. It turned out to be too small in the cups, especially. I experienced the same ass everyone else in that the band is waaaaay tight! It gave me head & neck aches wearing it the first few times, though I did not mind the extra back support. I read that this bra is supposed to be extra tight so I just accepted that. But I can't accept boob spillage out the sides & squishing them together in the middle. I love this bra, I love the idea behind what it's supposed to do. I guess I just need to do some re-sizing, maybe up one or two sizes & see how that goes. I really want to love this bra!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Got it for those &#34;hang around the house in a sweatshirt&#34; days.  For the most part it's quite comfortable.  The band is a little snug-feeling by the end of the day - but that's why I opted for a front closure (and can reasonably unhook the bottom 1 or 2 hooks).Hopefully some ladies agree with me:  the bra I put on in the morning (comfy) is not the one I take off at night (band is too snug).  This bra is as close as it comes to being the best answer to that problem.  I look the array of colors it came in too."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This really cinches the waist and gives you the hourglass in an instant. I have an hourglass shape myself, but still needed a cincher to hide the consequences of cookies and other crap called food (tummy and love-handles. I have a training corset, but the corset is too stiff to be able to bend in it (even to drive a car - makes me sit real high in my car as it also works your posture and makes you sit real straight and high, so I feel like I have a real gigantic torso, because normally I like to sit low or sit on my tailbone when I drive). Anyway, this cincher is the bomb. It is firm and shapes you into a real hourglass."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "So I started CrossFit and quickly found my standard hanes boxers were a no-go. They'd rip in a deep squat, they would bunch up very fast (choking my thighs, bunching up on my butt only getting tighter in the front and baggier in the back as I progressed) and I started looking on some online CrossFit communities for a better option. Enter these boxer briefs... while I never thought I'd pay 20$ for a single pair of underwear... they are well worth every cent. They give, they breathe, they are snug but not uncomfortable. I also purchased a similar product made by Adidas and love them both equally. Both are now part of my regular fitness gear."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have been wearing Levi's 501 jeans for literally half a century and the quality of the fabric has gone downhill to the point where a pair now lasts me less than a year before tears appear. I know that the stone wash type are actually tumbled with rocks and are not going to wear very long but I do expect the standard jeans to last a lot longer than a matter of weeks before having holes in the jeans from the fabric having worn thin. Dislike paying 10x as much and getting 1/10 the wear of the Levi's of the past."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I usually prefer the compression shorts type boxer brief, but they can be rather suffocating for my nether bits- so I decided to try something a bit more breathable. I have two pairs of the regular Exoficcio boxers and I love them, but I do like a tight fit when wearing jeans so I picked up a pair of these to try out. They ride up a lot, I'm constantly adjusting them all day long when I wear them. It gets old, real fast. I don't think they would have this problem if they were a bit longer on the thighs and slightly tighter. As they are now, they are too short to keep a good hold on your thighs so they tent to ride up during daily movement. I'm not unhappy with the purchase, and I do still wear them on occasion, but I think they could have been designed better."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This was a great tool for teaching my children how to tell time.  Too many kids can only read digital numbers; you give them an analog watch or clock and they're lost.  I bought this for my five year old son.  He learned very quickly how to tell time on it.  He wore it 24 hours a day in the pool, sledding, running and playing. The lens got pretty scratched up and the wrist band stretched some, but it was a great watch... until he lost it.  I would strongly recommend this watch for young children."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I just ordered this item for my wife as a gift.  She was very happy with this product.  I don't know anything about it, sinceI don't carry one of these.  All I can advise to the customers is, what she said about this product.  She stated that itwas a well known brand, and she liked the soft leather and the well organized compartments in the billfold.  She reallyliked the quality and the full rich color of the leather.She advised that, a product such as this, is hard to find in the department stores locally.  She was very pleased with thelooks and color, and the percise arrangement and the design.  Must be a good one, she is very happy with it.The picture and decription of this item, is right on the money, on the sellers page............."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "All the carhartt T-shirts I've bought have fit well and held up better then any other shirt I have ever bought. I buy them because I'm cheap. They wear like iron, hold there shape, the pockets are in the right position, (unlike other well known brands). I wear these or the long sleeve Carhartt t-shirts, every day. I haven't found anything better for less money that holds up as long as these shirts do. I buy the ones that are discounted the most, so colors might not be the fancy pants style most would want to have in there work wardrobe. I also need a pocket for pens and markers and stuff. Lotta shirts don't do that anymore. If they sold these (at the right price) and only in stripes or polka dots, even pink! I'd still be wearing  them. They are that well made and COMFORTABLE to be in."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are the most comfortable pair of boxer briefs I've ever worn.  I have a 30\" waist so I went with the medium, though I could have easily gone small.  Very roomy and appear to be durable.  I'm sure hand washing will extend the life twofold at the very least.  I'd also like to mention that ExOfficio's athletic clothing, shirts, these boxers, etc all dry in amazing time.  They will dry in less than a half hour indoors and around 5 minutes or less outside in warm weather- most likely less time in direct sunlight on a hot day."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This bra is very durable and I love the thick straps that do not cut into my shoulders - LOVE IT!  However, the measurement method and sizes will not always be correct, as the recommended way to measure may be correct but the sizes recommended are not.I did the measurements as instructed and was given a size to buy and the cups are way too small - my breasts are spilling out on the sides.  Some may be wanting to say go a size bigger but if I do, the bra will be too slack, as it is the bra is very comfortable but the cups are way off.  I need a bra just like this but with bigger cups.  Any recommendations?"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The title says it all. I loved these, but you literally have to wrestle your kid and near mangle his feet, even when a size or two too big- to get them on. THEN you have to lace and tie them! On a kicking toddler! Yeah, right! IMPOSSIBLE to get on for the most part. And don't seem comfortable either. they need to create this same shoe, but but an easy access ZIPPER on the side, down to the toe bed to get the young child's foot inside."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The reviews on these earrings were so mixed that I wasn't sure I was going to be happy when I received them. I'm pleased to say I was not unpleasantly surprised.They are flimsy, they're very light, they don't seem overly trustworthy, but they're very pretty AND under $150. If you're looking for solid heavy gold hoops that will last a lifetime, you need to visit your jeweler and be prepared to invest. If you want a delicate pair of chic hoops that will fill a hole in your jewelry box for less than the cost of a nice dinner out, these are for you."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have very poor circulation in my feet, so they are cold all the time (really bad in the winter). I got some of these to wear around the house to keep my toes from going numb. They are really comfy, and they keep my feet warm :)I also use them when I hunt, and they work great. They don't make my feet feel wet if I sweat in them, and they are comfy all day.They are holding up really well too, I have had them over a year (3 pairs), and they still look/feel like new socks"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ended up gaining a lot of stress weight just before my wedding, and needed to cinch in so i could lace my dress closed.It is comfortable, and stays in place. Also very breathable.I wore it the whole day.I've worn it since when i needed a bit of extra help getting into dress pants.Been through about 7 washes, and just got a small tear on the inside.Also take note that the garter clips are removable.Goes clear up to almost my bra in the front.Was well worth the money."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "ive been wearing hanes pantyhose only recently, i prefer no nonsense pantyhose for my daily wear. but i am really liking my hanes pantyhose and nylons, theyre very sheer pantyhose for a sexy look but very durable pantyhose that hold up to my daily pantyhose wear, i wear high heels and pantyhose to work everyday and high heels can wear my pantyhose down, so i prefer reinforced toes pantyhose and hanes pantyhose has lots of reinforced toe pantyhose to choose from, i like sheer toe pantyhose but they run more. i find it hard, very hard, in the morning to pick my favorite pantyhose to pull up, i have so many different kinds of pantyhose and nylons, but hanes sheer pantyhose are one of my new favorites"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Warm and Sturdy.  I have only had this coat for a couple of weeks, but it appears to be living up to all the good reviews.  Very warm and very well made (in Mexico).  I fully expect to use this jacket all the time because it is warm and fashionable enough and should be able to handle anything I can put it through.  I am looking forward to breaking this coat in over the next few months but am very confident I made the right choice.  For sizing:  I am almost 5'8&#34; and the medium came about 2 inches below my waiste aind is plenty big to wear clothing underneath.  However, again, the coat is so warm, I am wearing T-shirts in sub 40 degree weather with the coat on - even on windy days."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The quality of Levis jeans seems to be a decline, an endless abyss. The back label, which supposedly should be leather, now seems to be made &#8203;&#8203;of cardboard and a lousy finish. The jeans manufactured in Mexico and Egypt are the worst labels or at least, in my experience, has been. I think there should be more oversight by Levis in its factories around the world. Previously, a Levis jeans was a piece \"almost perfect\", today I can not say the same. I totally agree with all the people who are disappointed with diminishing quality of these jeans."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've been using this for a few weeks. Previously, my Italian was limited to stuff I'd see on \"The Godfather\" and a few foods. I'm a bit better now, and eager to see what the further levels of Rosetta Stone look like. Rosetta Stone is no substitute for deep immersion learning like living there, but it's pretty useful as a tool to learn the basics.Pros:- Builds a LOT of vocabulary quickly- Helps understand what words mean by associating them with a concept, rather than translating- Internet community is pretty cool.Cons:- Doesn't focus on grammar at all- Level 1 doesn't contain a whole lot- It's obviously pretty expensive. I guess if you're *really* interested, it's worth it.For it's purpose, it is almost perfect software. You will feel confident with the basics after this."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I just got these this morning and haven't taken them off yet. I may sleep in them! They fit true to size, easy on/easy off and very comfortable. Even better, I live at a ski resort and the soles on these shoes are incredible on snow and ice. I had the Merrell Shivers, which were warmer, but very slippery on ice.Merrell makes a lot of different soles. The ones I got look like they have octopus suckers on the sides and little square nubs in the center. Very bizarre looking but very sticky. These soles come on the standard Jungle Mocs.Edited 11/30/12: I just got my second pair. What a difference. As great as these shoes are they don't last forever, so treat yourself to a new pair when the soles wear down. They feel awesome again!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am skeptic about buying cloths online but I thout I will give a try. And I am not disappointed .I just got my bra today. The bra made really nicely,fits perfectly and gives a really good support. I got this bra for sleep in and I can't wait to use it for this purpose. It is a great bra for a great price.Update: after wash and wearing for a couple times bra cups got misshaped. Looks weird - half empty. My guess they run size bigger .If I could I would take off a star."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased Levi's 505 regular fit for my Husband, and he is hard to find the right length, the size is no problem. he had lost 51-lbs of weight from being ill, now he is eating better. so, i got 34x29. my husband tried them on and they fit to a T, even after i washed them. Levi's is the only denim this family can wear, they are the perfect fit. I highly recommend Levi's brand denim, they have been around since the 1853."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Sadly I left my Marmot lime-ish green raincoat at some beachy eatery this past spring.  I had loved it for two years and even bought one in another color as well.  I could not help but want to replace it. I tried three different Marmot green precip jackets ( and two other brands' green rain jackets as well) before my Marmot Green Envy arrived.  The shade is  a bit too intense, but it comes closest to the color of my lost two-year-old one, as neither Grass nor Bright Grass did.  My main complaint is that the colors shown online were different than the reality--and even different on my laptop and iPad.  So good luck-- but this is a great raincoat which my beach living allows me to use most of the year."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I absolutely idolize Kylie Jenner's sense of style, so I had to purchase a pair of Timberlands. They were delivered super fast and I got a really good deal on them since I bought them in children's size. I am a size 7 (sometimes a 6.5) in women's and I got these shoes in a children's size 5.5. They fit great! They're kind of heavy, so it takes a while to get used to walking in them but they look amazing. These shoes are very durable and great quality, so you can tell that they'll last for a long time."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "All right, let's get right down to it! When it comes down to intimate apparel, there is nothing that captures a man's eyes and imagination as thigh-high stockings. And, the ultimate in sexy thigh-high stockings fishnet stockings - fishnet stockings that look just like this!These soft and sexy stockings wear well, and stay up. So, you don't need to use a garter, but I do recommend one. (I don't believe in understatement in the bedroom.)I highly recommend these sexy stockings to you - or for you men, buy them as a gift!(Review of Lace Top Fishnet Thigh Hi Stockings - by Leg Avenue)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought these for my husband for a snorkeling trip. These are his favorite shoes. Even after walking in water, the feet immediately feel dry once out of the water. They never smell, which is different from other water sandals. The toes are secure, the bottoms heavy and well made, and the inner cord is easily adjusted to provide a good fit. Even after getting them dirty with mud, they wash off easily with water and look like new. He even wears them with socks now that the weather is colder. A very well-made shoe/sandal."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "While I can't comment on the washing/drying of this item because I strictly wash with regular laundry, I found myself disappointed on the support of the 'main compartment' with these.  They did get the leg support right, and I did not find that wearing these caused any ride ups throughout the day, but beyond that am not impressed.  I tried out the UA Boxerjock and it seems to be the opposite, where the central chamber provides great support but the legs ride up regularly.With that said, I can't recommend these because of the lack of support for the cost of the boxer briefs."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered this watch because I had the same model watch for a couple of years and loved it.  Then tragedy struck -- I dropped it on a tile floor and broke it.The watch his sturdy and attractive.  The numbers are easy to read and the hands are very clear and glow in the dark.  The Indiglo feature is a big part of what makes this watch great because you only need to push the button to see the time at night.The only thing I found disappointing was that the other watch had the date also and this one does not."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It might just be me.  Although it seems well made and sized right.  It just seems a bit flimsy to me.  I debate if I really should not give it 5 stars as it does everything it advertises itself.  When I travel out of country, I have this around my neck and under one layer of clothing.  I have my &#34;throw away&#34; wallet in my pocket with expired cards and a few dollars.I like the various pockets and zippered security to keep things in place.  The neck cord is a little long so I had to tie it off so the stash would fall mid chest making it a bit more concealed.4.5 stars - minus 1/2 star for long cord and a flimsy feel.  Again though perhaps being flimsy is a good thing being under clothing making it conceal more."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Underwear seems to be one of the more individualistic and difficult products for a man to buy.  I had been using a Fruit Of The Loom model of Boxer Briefs for years but when it came time to replace then they were no longer available.  I have tried at least 5 different brands and these seem to be the best fit for me.  Even though (I think) I have a 31 inch waist I ordered a size small and the fit is perfect for my body.  The legs are snug and the waist is just right.  The fabric is very soft and a little sheer but it seems to hold up well.  The legs never stretch out - I tried wearing them on a recent trip to Asia (24 hours door to door) and they never lost their shape plus they were extremely comfortable.  The bottom line is I have found my new brand and model of Boxer Briefs = so far I've bought 22 pair :-) but then again I'm a little OCD."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought these for my eight year old little sister and she's loving them. She says they are very confortable, very bright and vivid color and loves showing them off. Her first pair of chucks! I'm a proud sister! Very good buy, arrived pretty quickly as well. Great stiching and laces (came with two pair-black and white) If you're getting these shoes to work in, I don't recommend. They are made tobe confortable but have very little sole support and the toes are kinda squished so perfect for little feet (like mine and sister's)  I have bought three pairs from this site, very great buy!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Exactly what i wanted as a gift for a friends 1st trip to europe.This is made from the soft kind of fabric that is comfortable to sleep with against your skin.Just the right amount of space to fit a passport and 2 additional sections of the same main pocket,for currency, credit cards, tickets, etc.It's important to get one like this that has no metal, so it can be worn through security check points,with metal detectors without the need to remove it.This is crucial as no one but you should know this is where the bulk of your important items are.The one main pocket is closed with a velcro strip.It also has a nice thickness to the cord and well chosen adjustment buckle for it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am 8 1/2 D, and I got the medium size. It fits well. There is a size chart printed on the box, that doesn't correspond to any of the charts on Woodlore's web site. However, I found a chart in the description for the Allen Edmunds shoe tree that is the same as the one on my box (AE makes Woodlore shoe trees). You can find it here:http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/shoes/email/MensCombinationShoeTree.gifIf you have a narrow or wide shoe, it's a lot more accurate.This is a great shoe tree at a great price."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "If I could give it zero stars I would.  Not only was it HUGE.  The body would fit my three year old....but the legs would fit my 9 year old.  Plus we ordered a SUPERMAN costume.  This showed up without a cape and was a &#34;Super Hero&#34; suit.  The belt was made from felt and the the details were painted on with bad paint that peeled off, and were not even straight lines.  Bad form Amazon for letting this one slip by."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These T shirts are thin (which I personally like) and fit great. I love the colors too, the images here represent the real colors well.I got two of these, one last year one this year and they keep the color even washing repeatedly in hot water.I am 5.5 tall, I got an S and it was right in length but too large so I just washed it in hot water and dried it in the drier at max temperature (I got the 100% cotton one). This way it would get like a XS, which fits a normal size woman."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Compared to other dickies products in the same size, these overall's run a little more snug around the waist. I know they're intended more for work use, but i bought them as a sort of funky/quirky piece to wear around casually. I've got pretty normal proportions, but the legs felt like circus tents and the waist was slimmer than expected. I wanted to love these as they seemed like a fun idea, but unless you're looking to do some fitting modifications I'd say look elsewhere."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got these for my husband to play golf in (he's a boxer lover and not boxer-briefs) The photo on the model doesn't accurately show it these fit my husband (looser around the thighs and he's got muscular thighs). He wore them one day and has asked me to order enough to throw out ALL of his old boxers from different brands. Super light weight, feels great against his skin, wicks sweat, keeps him cool. He's a 36-38 waist and I got him a Large."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have 4 of these t-shirts, 2 henleys and 1 lightweight t-shirt. Love them all. They look great, wear well and are as comfortable as any shirt you will own. The quality of the shirt is much higher than the 4-7 dollar t-shirts you will get at Wally World....these cost more but will last for years even with regular use and washing.--Beware of sizing, as many have already said, they run bigger....I wear an XL in EVERY other shirt I have but for these I wear a large. I am 6 ft tall, 225 lbs with broad shoulders and a 46 inch chest.Overall I LOVE these shirts!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Good quality, handy and functional, no bells and whistles just a leather product that works.  I like the coin compartment being on the outside and available without having to open up the whole thing.  I don't like the zipper coin compartments because they don't open wide enough so this is just right.  And the style and color is nice/classy.  It also has a check book holder inside and about 5 credit card slots.  The place designated for your driver's license has a cut-out in the center of the plastic to help get hold of it to take it out when needed which is handy.  It also has a zipper compartment inside to store stuff you want to keep but don't use as much.  Very nice."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are the original high quality Keen Sandals. Heavy gauge sole, strong construction, compressible foot bed for comfort. After being to the store yesterday where they have a display of new Keen sandals I was appalled at how poorly constructed the new version is...the plastic is akin to the stuff they use on flip flops, the upper construction enters the shoe a full 1/4 from the edge, overall a cheap shadow of these shoes. Hopefully Keen will not go the way of so many other shoe companies and cheapen their shoes to the point of undesirability. You may want to consider an extra pair if you hope to find them again in the future."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "First one arrived with the little plastic hook that connects the bottom strap broken.  Not sure I like this way of connecting strap seems cheap where metal may be better way, as women even this size is smaller than previous ones owned by LL Bean.  Wanted to have smaller bag hoping to lighten my load, so to speak as my shoulder is paying the price now older. Nice pockets with magnets on outside and set up the same with many pockets. I will use the second one sent to replace first but, will most likely go back to LL Beans.  The only thing on that one after years of use the zipper stopped working."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I use to love these in the '80's but hi-tops became obsolete.  Glad I could find some because in the hot summer I hate wearing my ankle braces as they make my feet sweat too much and constrict my blood flow making my feet and ankles swell.  Anyway, although I haven't worn these out of the house yet, I'm sure they will work well for me provided I still use my cane.  I will admit in reading the other reviews, they do run narrow which was fine with me and the length was perfect.  Nicely made too."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wear a Rago 6207 high waist long leg panty girdle - every day all day - it is wonderful! It does notshow - I do not have that \"girdled\" look and most of all it gives me a flat tummy. I do not wear pantiesunder, stockings, and only my girdle. The 6207 has no zipper and once it is on forget it. The open crotchmakes life easy in the bathroom. At first my girdle is tight, then it is comfortable and then I just forgetthat I have it on. I am not at all self conscious and I look great - have had many compliments and no qustionsat all - women's girdles are not just for women. I have three 6207's - one on, one in wash and one in the drawer.I would not leave home without my girdle - no ride up, roll over and a flat tummy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've had this watch for several months now and I really like it. The second hand is nice for timing things, and it is very easy to read the time. It's also very simple so it doesn't compete with other jewelery. However, as other reviews stated, this watch is VERY small. My writs are almost exactly 6 inches around and I wear this watch on the third-largest size, so it definitely wouldn't go more than ~6.5 inches around your wrist. Other than that, it's very nice, delicate, and simple."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've worn 501s for a very long time and they seem to be getting harder to find.  Especially in my size.  It seems I'm shrinking back to my old waist size (yay!) so I ordered a couple pair at that size and a couple pair 2 inches fatter.  The fatter ones don't fit and it was easy to return them to amazon.  - NOTE: I made sure that amazon was the seller! -To sum it up, these were some new pants to replace some worn out ones.  Nothing exciting there other than it was really easy to click some buttons and get exactly what I was expecting.  Perfect."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This was a pity gift to myself because it was my anniversary, and I've just had nose surgery.  Like other reviewers, I was also surprised at the quality of these earrings.  I try to look for bargains on Amazon to make my shopping dollars go as far as possible, and these seemed to be a good deal at $24.99 when regular price was $75.  Just since March 16, though, both retail and selling prices have changed on Amazon to be $34.99 and $70.  It's very true that the posts are a little thicker than normal, but not onerously so; the result is that the hoop is not going to slide around on your ear, and the post clicks securely into the catch on the other side.  The earrings are larger than I expected for the price, which is good, but they are not too big.  Nickel size is about right, and they feel as if they have some weight to them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have to agree with a previous poster that said the straps were too long.  I adjusted it to the shortest setting and it still was loose.  I've probably only had that problem with 1% of all the bras I've ever bought, and sadly this was one of them.  The cups run generously sized (which for me, as a D/DD usually is a positive thing, but in this design was too much of a good thing & I would have to size down).  The overall design was cute, but the odd sizing made it a no-go."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is my second pair of chucks so I kind of knew what to expect. I also have a pair of high tops and love them but decided to get a low top for the summer. I got them in carmine rose and they are such a pretty color, so glad I went with them! It is a light and airy shoe for spring and summer and the color isn't too girly or childish, I just love it. They will look cute with anything from shorts to skirts to jeans. Converse is a go to classic. But, if you need arch or ankle support these are not for you."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I found the band to be a little bit snug, but it otherwise fits pretty much as expected.  However, don't be fooled by the picture for this item.  Unless you have naturally perky breasts or you would actually wear a half size and size down, your breasts are not going to sit that high in the cup.  As with all demi bras, beware: any upper chest side boob fat you may have will be smushed into adorable little rolle, in a most unfortunate and highly visible manner.  Don't buy this bra if you are carrying 20lbs extra or more.  You will not be happy with the results."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm 6'4\" and 300lbs, ordered a XXXL and it fits just the way I like it. Sliped over the t-shirt/sweater I was wearing with room to breathe.  Quality of stitching and workmanship overall is quite good.  Has a permanently attached hood that would do well to go over a baseball cap to keep it off your eyes. Stuffs backwards into the zippered front pocket fairly easily.  Not lined, so don't expect it to keep you warm but it will contribute to warmth by acting as a wind barrier via layering effect.  It will be a while before I have the chance to try the rainproofness. Very happy with the purchase."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "perfect fit right out of box... I read all reviews and, asked people whom wore Keen sandals; all said order 1/2 size larger. Great advise! Do as suggested. Wore all day, without any rubs or discomfort.I had have tried both New Balance & Merrill barefoot shoes to use while sailing. When the deck got wet from heeling and, spray I lost footing. Ended up on floor, real close to capsizing. Not again. I like the feel Keen sandals so much I now own 2 pair.A shoe to try that's not a sandal, Northface! Nice, too."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've been looking for something comfortable to wear around the house and I've found it. I just had a baby a few months ago and I'm huge (42C). This fits perfectly. It's not too tight and not too lose and it provides some support. Not as much as my underwire, but around the house, it's great. I forget I have it on and the hooks in the front don't bother at all.It also keeps you separated... no uni-boob, which is awesome.All in all a good investment."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought these for my partner for a bit of role-reversal and they fit him lovely.  Actually, since he is a bit short, the straps were a bit long and the stockings did sag a bit, but they kept their shape.  The garter fits female and male hip and waist sizes and do stretch pretty well without ripping.  They look and feel quite comfortable and (since I've never worn garters and undergarments without dealing with this issue) they are very easy to pull down when using the restroom.  Needless to say, I had to try them on too, and I liked them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This gown is generous in fit, soft, washes up beautifully and comes out of the dryer with no wrinkles and packs easily. I would suggest going down one size if you are between 1x and 2x. The color is exactly the way the photo shows and is a deep hot pink color.  I bought the matching robe as well and the same can be said about it as the nightgown.  I do not find it cool to sleep in, as other reviewers mentioned, but it is certainly comfortable and pretty enough to wear it around the house and especially when visiting friends and you want something to throw on quickly to make those bathroom trips in the middle of the night! The style is rather matronly, and is  suitable for mixed company or when you need something simple to wear while getting coffee in the morning."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love these pantyhose and have worn them in the past.  The reason that I gave 3 stars is that the sizing info isn't helpful.  When you click on it, you see sock sizes.  There should be a chart online, just as there is on the back of the pantyhose package.  So, I'll return them because of incorrect sizing.  I have ordered another size.  However, I do appreciate being able to get the color pearl.  In the stores, they are mostly brown.  I have fair skin, so brown pantyhose don't look right on me."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "If you are going to be working outside in ridiculously low temperatures, then this is for you. It defines warmth and is probably going to outlast the wearer, the quality is that good.  But beware. 1) it fits big.  I wear this size in EVERYTHING, but in this product, it is way too big.  2) It is for seriously cold weather.  I will not suit you for anything else. That is not a negative, but you need to know that and buy something else unless you are really going to be out for long periods in VERY cold weather.  3) It is very big and stiff and bulky.  It really IS 'outerwear'. I returned mine because it was not fit for my purpose.  But I did so with a heavy heart because it was just so well made and full of features..."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This shoe is extremely comfortable, looks good and is convenient.  Slips on and slips off.  No laces to tie or untie.  Really great for traveling and going thru those irritating TSA checkpoints at the airports.  The seller however I can not recommend.  When I orderd my Merrells, the seller had them listed as in stock, yet it took two emails...the second one threatening cancellation to finally get them shipped two weeks later.  BTW...this is my second pair.  The first pair were bought for me at a Merrell Store in Birmingham, Alabama and they are still going strong.  Just wanted another color."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Purchased at Bagram Afghanistan PX in 2007 and this watch is a must-have for anyone treking into the mountains (of which I did, alot).  Over the years the watch has taken a beating - the bezel is scratched up but, I still get a lot of comments about the watch.  The altimeter (incl the memory function) worked very well.  Battery replacement is easy (and has to occur about once a year).  The watch is a typical ABC watch, that looks good and does the job."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "First impression out of the package - a really awful smell.  Maybe that's the cedar part, I don't know.  At any rate, it does what it's supposed to - maintain the shape of the shoe, though the springs seem fairly weak.  I'll try and say more about it after some time goes by.I've had it a while yet; now I can say that the straps are too small and too scrawny, and hard to use to remove or insert the shoe trees.  I'd greatly prefer a real handle."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love this watch -- it is the perfect face size for my wrist and thus far has been extremely durable and reliable. I've had this watch and used it daily for several months now and it has surpassed my medium-low expectations. I've dropped it and knocked it around a bit, and it has held up great. Keeps good time, and the band is still going strong despite daily use and abuse. Worn this swimming a few times as well with no problems. Great watch, and looks a bit more classy in reality than it does in the picture."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm a typical guy that is basically clueless about jewelry, but I can certainly appreciate the ease of buying something on Amazon as opposed to going to a jewelry store and dealing with salespeople trying to push expensive products. My favorite move is when they take out their calculator and magically apply some unknown discount to what may or may not be a sticker price. My wife absolutely loved these earings - I don't know exactly why - but if your loved one is asking for gold hoop earrings these are the real deal."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Definitely high quality. These shoe trees sell as a pair. Two in the box.Spring loaded with a split instep. Force them into the toe of your boot/shoe and push the heel home. The instep widens to mold to the shape of the instep and toe of your footwear and the spring mechanism pushes back against the heel.These trees will break your toughest footwear in within a week.Perfect form and fit, very functional and priced right.I feel safe claiming the mechanics and the form will last a lifetime.I'm very happy with my purchase."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "A mistake to buy for younger kids Igift for six year old) because so hard to make out the hands with moving lizards going round and round. an excellent design were it larger but it is smaller than expected - my fault as i didn't check the size. however it is sturdy and attractive, so i will wear it for myself at times - for fun. I didn't return as it was so inexpensive and just replaced it for intended gift, with a digital watch. haven't seen that yet."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm not really a plus-size gal (12/14), but I have chunky thighs and I hate the thigh-high mushroom effect, so I went with plus size just to be safe. No luck - these were incredibly tight and very unflattering. There was also an odd greasy residue on the cardboard insert in the package. Of course you can't return stockings once opened, so now I'm stuck with these useless stockings. They really are pretty to look at draped over a hanger, but if you have large thighs, that's about all they're good for.Fortunately, the capable folks at Sock Avenue were able to help - they recommended Leg Avenue's Plus Size Sheer &#34;Lace Top Stockings with Backseam,&#34; which were, oddly, so much stretchier they were almost too big, which was actually perfect. Now I just wish I knew what to do with these!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have liked Dickies products for a long time now.  The work shirts are just slightly larger than a T-shirt would fit.  I understand most mechanics or workers like it a little looser, but it will not fit exactly like a T-shirt might.  It also won't shrink much, if it all, because of the materials it is made from.It keeps you relatively cool, it's very comfortable and durable.  Pretty good price for the quality as well.  Looks good as a work shirt or a casual shirt."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I can't add much to the overwhelmingly positive reviews. These are the most comfortable underwear, quickest drying, stay dry, easy to clean, least smelling pairs I've had.They would actually make a great gift because a lot of guys probably will not spend this much for a pair, although I am just mad I didn't sooner. But because of that, think about it. The packaging is nice also and gives a lot of info on why they are so great. So treat yourself or someone who deserves a great item."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "If your guy is tough on clothes... You know, he has one token clean shirt on a marginally clean pair of jean without caulk, grease, etc all over them for &#34;date nite&#34; then these shirts are for those guys.Fit great! Look great when they are clean. Can withstand lots of abuse. Last time I bought a cathartic shirt for hubby was a good 5 years ago. He has about 6-8 tees that all look something that are not even fit for the rag bag, that he wears regularly. Those shirts are thread bare with various rips. The carhart still has good material density after 5 years but the neck and shirt tail are definitely worn. It seems stains come out a little easier too... That's not right, the stains don't set as fast on a carhart tee as they do like on a hanes. Don't know if it the tighter fabric weave or special finish.We love them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This has to be a knock off. I've worn K Swiss shoes for as long AS I can remember. This is my first attempt at buying them online. I'll never do it again. The soles are removable in these shoes, which real K Swiss does not do. They are so uncomfortable! Like walking on 2x4's. They are super heavy and bulky. They don't soften up, and now because they were worn to find all of this out, I doubt I can return them. Save your money and buy them at the store to make sure it's a real K Swiss shoe because this shoe is terrible!!!!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The fit was excellent, the pants work well for my husband's job with one slight problem:  they show every speck of dirt  when he's on a job site and it clings to the fabric used in the manufacturing of the pants.  Not sure there is much they can do about this since the durability of the fabric is fantastic and the overall look professional, just wish the dust/dirt wouldn't cling so well despite attempts at brushing it off.  The pants must be washed every night."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I haven't bought a Timex in years,so I didn't know what to expect.  I was pleasantly surprised when I opened the box.  As you may expect from the price, it's not a fancy watch, but it's the perfect watch if you are looking for a simple and inexpensive watch.  I wear mine every day to work and it's quality is what you expect from Timex.  The strap is skinny which is perfect for my small (6 1/2 inch) wrists.  I did not even have to have holes added.  The face is oval and gold tone. If you are looking for a cute watch with a small face this is a watch you should consider.  At it's price, I would definitely buy another if it came is silver tone."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have avoided purchasing Wacoal bras because of their price.  The bras are typically twice the price of competitors.  However, I decided to try this bra on in a department store and was sold.  The bra is extremely comfortable.  It minimizes while maintaining a natural shape.  The material is soft and looks smooth under clothing.  The straps are wide enough for support without digging into your shoulders.  I can actually wear this bra all day without having any shoulder or back fatigue by the end of the day.  It does cost more than other bras, and you rarely find it on sale, but the price is well worth the comfort the bra provides.  It is also well constructed.  With proper care (hand washing and line drying) the bra will last longer than those of competitors."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "60% COTTON and 40% POLYESTER T SHIRT. Now, it was described as 100% cotton, and that's what I wanted to buy. If the sellers are not able to honestly describe their product, then they will lose the ability to sell to people via the web. ITS IMPERITIVE that the sellers are honest, for us to buy sight unseen.  People don't realize, perhaps, that polyester cotton blended cloth is much cheaper than pure cotton. PURE COTTON breathes in hot weather, and absorbs sweat better.  The shirt looks OK, the color and size is nice, so is the cut.  BUT, it will wear out MUCH faster, than 100% cotton. It wont fade in that cool way that 100% cotton does, nor will it shrink a bit, which is why I buy 2X for 100% cotton. I'm VERY DISAPPOINTED, especially because my TIME was wasted, simply because the seller felt like being dishonest."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have to wear black or khaki pants to work, and being a cat owner I can't really go with black. Despite the dress code I handle some pretty gross stuff, and I've ruined almost every pair of khakis I own. These work pants are the answer. They look just like &#34;real&#34; dress pants, but they're heavy material and they've got some sort of anti-liquid/anti-stain treatment on them. Water just beads off, solid stuff just wipes off or washes out without staining.My only gripes, and both minor:1: The fly isn't a button, it's a sort of tab/loop thing. Sometimes it comes unhooked. I always wear a belt anyway, so this isn't a huge problem.2: The side pockets could be a lot deeper. There is a shower of change whenever I sit down, but so far I haven't managed to lose my car keys.I think I'm going to end up buying a ton of these."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have a hard time finding a bra in my size, it works fine around but the cups are usally too large and bag out as is the case here.  I know a good bra fit can be done because I've had bra's in the past that fit very well.  Somehow things are not being manufactured as they once were and this bra ended up as were others - in my donation bin.  Too bad really, wasted my money and am continuing to have no choice but to wear the old bra's."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've always worn Levi's jeans. Recently, however, they don't seem to last like they used to. Jeans that I have bought within the last 5 years or so, seem to wear out faster than older pairs I've had. Particularly around the pockets and the seam in the crotch. The material seems thinner too. While this makes them a tiny bit more comfortable, they don't make 'em like they used to. Still kinda expensive too, but they go on sale every once in a while. Or I can use points to buy."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This watch is more beautiful than the picture gives credit.  It is sleek and simple.  I love the mesh band, it is lightweigh and elegant looking.  The crystals on the watch face help me tell time in the dark.  The band was a little hard for me to figure out, but once I read the manual (duh!!!)it was simple to adjust the band and clasp the band. It does not say waterproof on the watch itself, but the description says it is in the manual and I have accidently worn it in the shower without a problem.  I would purchase this watch again, absolutely."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I had previously purchased a pair of these jeans from a store and liked them so much I ordered a darker color from Amazon. They are listed as exactly the same fit, style, and size but the ones purchased from Amazon are more snug around the waist for me (this was before any washing). They also have a chemical smell from all the dye used but I'm sure there are some tricks to remove that so it isn't really a concern. It does make me wonder if the dying process somehow shrinks jeans as the darker pair is more snug but I'm not sure. If I could do it again I would probably just purchase them at the store after having tried them on as the previous pair I purchased locally was the same price."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Truly terrible.  I purchased two of the three packs and upon opening one package I discovered that they were full of pulls that would lead to runs during/after first use.  Next I tried on another pair only to discover that whilst the length of the stocking was fine the spandex/elastic was so weak that they almost immediately fell down even though they fit.  Also, I found them to be very sheer.  I thought that by purchasing the 'fantasy black' that they would be more like tights in color but that was not the case.  Overall, very unhappy with this product and will be returning for a full refund."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love this bra, fits tight and holds the girls in but i will say right after i got it one of the snaps broke off i think it was defective so now i have a bra i paid alot for that one hook can't be snapped but other then that i love it, i have went thru alot of bra's and this is by far the best support it is kinda hot and takes a little getting used to it is my first compresion bra, so that may be it for me, but i would say if you are larger busted try it, i just wish my bra would not have broke it would have got 5 stars if it had not broke. i was very disapointed in that but like i said not one of the other snaps have broke so i really think it was a defect of some kind."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have worn Levi's 505s since high school until now and probably will into retirement. The quality is better than jeans costing more and superior and heavier than those costing less. You can frequently find them discounted. I cannot recall ever wearing a pair out. I have retired or given them away when I gained or lost weight. I dropped 2 inches recently in my waist and had to buy several pairs. I am keeping the old bigger ones just in case, but I hope I keep my narrower waist. I have tried other Levi's but 505s fit me best. The others are way too tight or way too big. I am 6 ft 3 and weigh about 200 pounds. The 36 34s fit me perfectly."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "If you are going to be working outside in ridiculously low temperatures, then this is for you. It defines warmth and is probably going to outlast the wearer, the quality is that good.  But beware. 1) it fits big.  I wear a XXX-Tall in EVERYTHING, but in this product, that is way too big.  2) It is for seriously cold weather.  I will not suit you for anything else. That is not a negative, but you need to know that and buy something else unless you are really going to be out for long periods in VERY cold weather.  3) It is very big and stiff and bulky.  It really IS 'outerwear'. I returned mine because it was not fit for my purpose.  But I did so with a heavy heart because it was just so well made and full of features..."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The pants have so much wrong with them, plus they look awful. It is my guess that dickies enjoys making money at the expense of the customer, both by making them pay too much for them and making them look stupid wearing them.1.) CARDBOARD PANTS. They are STIFF. Wash them 100 times and I guarantee you they will still feel like cardboard.2.) They are so tapered they barely fit over any boots you wear. Your feet look enormous next to these skinny pants. NO ROOM!!3.) They ride so high on your waist it is uncomfortable4.) They aren't sized properly, a 36 is a 34, 34 is 32 etc.....STAY AWAY."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ride horses and some of them are a little on the rough side when it comes to trotting. I feel totally secure with this item holding in the 'girls.' There is a little bit of bounce, but I guess if there wasn't any, I'd be a boy. ha haDefinitely want to order a size larger than what you'd usually wear. It can run a little on the tight side. After washing, it feels tight, but then after a day, it stretches out enough to be comfortable.It does take a few wears to get used to it and to \"mold\" it to your body. It can be quite uncomfortable at first...feel like a straight jacket....but only at first, then it's great. You don't notice you've got it on.I'd recommend this for anyone who wants a good hold. I'm not crazy about the pink color, but what the heck, it's not lingerie!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered this wallet on a Friday, and I received it the following Tuesday, and it is BEAUTIFUL. I ordered the red one, because red is my favorite color. It is VERY nicely made. Very roomy, has LOTS of places to carry cards etc. The leather is nice and soft to the touch. I think that I am going to be VERY pleased with this wallet for years to come. It also came in a very nice box, so that if anyone were getting it for a gift for someone it would be easy to wrap."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have the double front cargo pants from carhartt and these are quite a bit longer, which is good for me, because I am 6'8&#34; and finding something that fits like these is not easy.  I just got these so I have not had a chance to verify the durability, but I can say that they are water resistant.  These are probably the best standard work pants for wet weather and resisting stains.  But I like how they are cut and the fit is ideal for wearing layers underneath but wearing them alone is fine as well. carhartt makes very practical work clothing and they tend to know what they are doing."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Love love love these underwear for years now.  I've rarely had a problem with underwear riding up my bum with these, which is the main reason I buy these.  I'm a full figured woman, but also wore these when I was more athletic and they're wonderful.  Wearing them to work as a professional to the gym, they fit great.  They last for years too which is amazing.  I finally replaced some after going through a pregnancy and stretching some out.  My main helpful hint is to wash them in a bag or by themselves to avoid balling up from other clothes."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this jacket to replace the exact same 4 year old jacket that is starting to show signs of wear on the sleeves and cuffs. This jacket is not exactly the same as the original. They cheapened it up quite a bit. The lining is not of the same quality. The quilting is thinner and the elastic in the cuffs is not as elastic. This jacket is compared to a 4 year old jacket that has been worn three seasons for four years.This jacket appears to be typical of much you buy today. It's made with cheaper material, by an off shore manufacturer for pennies on the dollar.If I had bought this in a 'brick and mortar' store and had other jackets to compare it to, I may have passed it up for a higher quality piece.Still an okay jacket, but not the same."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have find it very difficult to find the right bra online, I prefer to go to a store and being measured. But because I'm living in a town with no lingerie stores, sometimes I have no option than to buy online.The material is ok, I'm happy that is doesn't have any padding, BUT the wire is to broad.I'm a 34 DDD (euro size F75), and the wire is coming out of my blouse in the front. The wire continues till under my armpit. That is to wide for me. The cup though is good. I like the color very much and it does wear comfortable."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have worn this style for several years now and this is the first time I have ever purchase them online.  They are not the same bra. They have changed the way they have made it. they are using cheaper products, less material around the wire so it rubs against your skin and my boobs look pointed in these for some reason, my other one's do not do that. ( I purchased my other bra's at macy's and JCPenney)  Are they worth 24 dollars ( give or take).  Not really, I keep telling myself, self.... do not purchase anything you can't try on, online, but do I listen....no....and I'm almost always disappointed with the clothing and shoe purchases."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Apparently, Jockey makes different styles of underwear for sale in stores and online in packages.  I got what I thought looked identical to ones I got at JCPenney--every detail was the same, the fiber contents were the same--and when I got them, they were not the same.  They do fit pretty well--but not as well as the others I have.  They are not soft and silky and stretchy like the ones I got at the store.  They are really thick, and so a little hot for summer and they don't have a lot of stretch."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "For a long long time I have wanted a pair of these in pink. I think years ago these were made only for males because my brothers had them. From time to time I have seen them but never in pink. Well finally pink and I jumped on them as soon as I saw them. I have worn them and got some really nice compliments. I am a &#34;young&#34; senior and I wore these with my crop jeans and with my long jeans folded up and they really look great! I am a fashionista!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "these pants were great for 2 times wearing them. then the next time i was wearing them i was in my car waiting for work and looked down and they were ripped right down the seam.  i work in an emergency room and my stuff takes a beating, these pants could not hold up i guess.  I Recommend the wink pants for men,  i have had them for 2 months and there is no problem.  Another thing wrong with these pants is that the draw string dose not stay tight. i constantly had to keep tieing them and my pants still would fall down.  It came to the point that i had to have nothing in my pockets."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this one bra on a trial basis. I was worried since many people said it was so thin you would need to have a cover for nipple area. Well, yes if you are wearing a thin shirt this might be an issue. But the fit and comfort FAR outweigh that issue for me. I bought one in white and black I love them so much. Worth every penny and then some. The fit is perfect, the support is great, the fact my shoulders are not being dug into as this doesn't sit there---I love that. I wear a 36C so not like I'm huge and need alot of support. Just enough to help keep the girls in their place. This bra does exactly that."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I almost returned these shoes, they're very light weight, almost too lightweight. It is only The hemp, no lining, no anything. The soles dont provide very good traction on wet/smooth surfaces. They 10 was a little big.BUTThey are very comfortable and look super cute with jeans. For running around on a nice day or walking around the city, they're pretty good.I don't hate them enough to return them, but don't love them enough to wear them all the time."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was very excited to order these panties. Tried them on and was instantatly amazed. A sexy, string bikini is very hard to find,especially one as comfortable as this tactel string bikini. Not only are they nice looking, but this material is very heavenly. Love the feel on my skin. i have a 36 waist usually take a 6 in most panties and these were very nice. My my most recent purchases however, have been size 5 and with the stretch of this of this panty i'll only buy a 5 in the future. Now have every color. These are simply awesome to wear! i wear panties 24/7 now and love it. These are my favorites withou a doubt. men, do your selves a favor and check them out."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Bought for my son for his work boots and gloves.  It dried his boots overnight.  There is no fan, so no noise, and he just put it in his bedroom using the floor mounts.  We had another boot drier with a fan that we used in the garage but this design is much better.  You would think this would do nothing because you can touch the prongs when it is on and it barely feels warm.  When I put my hand up inside when the boot was mounted on one of them though it was much warmer, but still not overly hot.  Pretty neat how it works."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It was easy to follow the sizing guide and the bra I received fit appropriately (it's supposed to be tight!). I like fastening it in the front instead of the back, but there are quite a few hooks that can be tedious to fix up each time. I was disappointed in the efficacy of the bra for vigorous activity. This was my last stop in my tour of expensive sports bras that the interwebs say are best for ladies with large breasts, and I was hoping that it would blow the competition out of the water. It didn't. It's playing nicely with the other bras in the water. This bra works fine, but I didn't find it to be anything special."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Very comfortable and easy to nurse with. Great support for hospital, around house day and night, not so much for work/going out bc much like a sports-bra in shape (or lack thereof).If this is your first pregnancy, and you'll be nursing, you'll need several nursing bras. Several, because baby daily with spit milk right back at you and you'll be sleeping in them too when your boobs weigh down with milk.  Frankly, it's uncomfortable not wearing a bra.In a nursing bra, one-handed latching/unlatching is important so you can hold baby with the other hand.  This bra has super easy latches.  It's excellent."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love Hanes Silk Reflections pantyhose.  I have been wearing them for over 15 years, I have tried others but keep coming back to Hanes.  I love the feel and looks of them they fit me perfectly and still look good after a long day.  They feel wonderful on my legs and feel great under my clothes whether I am wearing slacks or a skirt.  They are also very durable for such a sheer pair of pantyhose.As an Amazon Prime member I used the 2 day free shipping and received the package on time and in good shape."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm a 6' 250lb man with a bootie of a dancer. It is a bubble butt. Whitey-tighties are too uncomfortable and boxers just don't work. These boxer-briefs feel amazing.I purchased two pairs for a two week long hike on the Appalachian Trail. They were exceptional. Not just did they fit perfectly without bunching up, but they kept dry and werent stinky. A quick rinse in the creek and then left to hang on a branch/rope overnight and they were good to go in the morning.I purchased another 5 when I got back home and these are now my everyday boxer-briefs.After 6+months of use they will loosen up and start to bunch, so they arent forever-wear; but they are the best and I highly recommend them for men with bubble butts who want comfort."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My 11-year old daughter is 5' 2&#34; and weighs 103 lbs.  She's straight as a board and doesn't have much of a butt.  However, these size 4 fit her very well.  I was concerned, since I ordered online and couldn't hold them up to put my eyes on them before I bought them.  She really likes the prints and when she tried them on she said they felt more like a bathing suit bottom.  That's good, since bathing suits need to fit your body kind of tight.  They're Jockey, so they're made of great quality!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The fit is good, the color is perfect, the quality is great,  but, the All-Star emblem is on the INSIDE ankle of each shoe. NO, they are NOT on the wrong feet. Dad, Mom, and grandparents checked for right shoe on the right foot. Yep! Both shoes were on the correct feet. This pair of Chuck Taylor All-Star Hi- Top Kelly Green Canvas Shoes are DIFFERENT, but we will definitely keep them and our granddaughter cannot wait to wear them to school to show her Hi Fashion Friends. Will we buy others? Absolutely!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is a nice wallet until you put a 'few' cards in it.  The card holder inside is made of leather type material and when you add just 8 cards (which includes the drivers license, library card, 2 medical cards, AARP and towing cards-no charge cards) it becomes so bulgy that where it snaps the space is approx 1 1/2 inches apart and will grow if more cards are added.  Sorry to say, I have gone back to my old wallet as this one just does not work out for me."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have worn this bra for many years.  Had trouble finding it and then... of course... found it here on Amazon. (LOVE Amazon)The cups are now almost 'bullet shaped'.  I feel like I should be back in the 50's or in a Madonna video.  It is very strange.  Nothing like before.  That being said... it is still very comfortable and they did eliminate the tag by stamping the label inside the back strap... which I like.  But the cup shape is so strange that I will not buy again."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am 5'5\" and about 160 lbs. I got the size Queen 1 because of the reviews saying to get a size up since they cut into your thigh. I am wearing these with a garter belt under a dress so I needed them to fit comfortably. I got nude, and I am very pale and the color works. They aren't too shiny either. This size is supposed to fit up to 225 lbs and 5'6\" and they fit pretty well on my thigh but the lace band sits pretty low. It starts just a few inches above my knee, so keep that in mind. You will need adjustable garter straps and a knee length dress. I can't wait to try these on with my garter and dress!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is too expensive for the cheap quality of this product! Because the plastic is so slippery, when you put it on the back of your bra and attempt to adjust it to your liking, as soon as you begin to raise your bra straps onto your shoulders, the little adjustment clip will slip/revert back to the starting point of where you begin when you tried to adjust it. I can see this happening if I were over weight and/or had large breast, but Im a size 8 and a B cup so this shows you how defunct this product is. Furthermore, the company I bought this from here on Amazon (i.e. Lady Grace) has an outrageous shipping cost! This piece of crap should be half the cost to ship but the company charges an unreasonable shipping fee because they make you pay for them to mail you their unwelcomed catalog (along with this cheap gadget) which I threw in the recycling bin as soon as I got it. Total waste :-("}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are pretty good.  They're definitely better than Fruit of the Loom brand boxer-briefs.  There's a little bit more pouch in the front of these, which helps support everything while moving around.They breathe well and feel well ventilated and cool, even at the end of the day.Unfortunately, the elastic/lycra/spandex/whatever content is low enough that these will stretch out throughout the day.  Support and fit decrease, and waistband rolls up by the end of the day.Overall, I rate these 4 of 5 stars.X-Bionic brand hold their shape better throughout the day, but don't cool as well as these."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These tights are extremely soft and very flattering. They fit perfectly and looked very sleek and of high quality. The only thing is, I purchased the barely there color and it is a little darker than the picture. In fact, it is more of a tan color and would go perfectly with people who have a tan complexion like I do. You really can't tell I'm wearing tights until you come closer and even then, it is such a nice, sophisticated look. These tights would go great with formal evening wear and dresses."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "i admit i was a little worried as to the fit of the stockings when i purchased them, but WOW. super sexy and a good fit. i took some of the other customers' advice and got a size up from what i usually would. i'm 120 pounds, 5' 5'' ish and a tad curvy. i have unfit thighs and was worried that the stockings would cause bulges or muffin top, the C-D was perfect and high up on my thigh (so sexy), and the 'garter belt' portion rest just above the swell of my hips covering my bellybutton. they're so silky and smoke thin, like i said, the fit is great and they're VERY comfortable! can't wait to wear them out! (or show them to the boyfriend for that matter ;) )"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Recently purchased this product, and I am satisfied withe the quality of this product. Here's a break down of the pros and cons. One of the best pairs of brief I own and I would say it's arguably better than most Calvin Klein briefs and other competitors.Pros:-Highly comfortable-Durable material-Material maintains it's consistency, shape, and tightness. Doesn't loosen after washing or change in any way.-Quick-drying-Length is perfect-Waist band is comfortable doesn't squeeze or irritate at all.-Smooth durable materialCons:- If there is any, you could argue the price for one pair is a bit high, that's for you to decide.Conclusion: I certainly recommend this product, it's just a very well made product. This product does stand out, it's not like the other products."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Good costume.  Very detailed.  I like that the body is a foam so it stands up a little on its own.  You might not be able to tell from the picture, but there are shin-guard type pieces for the legs, and gauntlets on the sleeves.  Nice touch.  It is a little thin overall.  You'll definitely want to put something underneath if you're in a colder climate.  My only disappointment is that the back of the torso is entirely black.  It's ok for us because I bought the inflatable wings, but without the wings, I think it would look weird."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The first thing you notice about this bra in Toast color is that it looks as a posture correcting device in terms of color, fabric texture, overall design and ugly straps in the back, in particular. So, in short, the look is bad, you cannot undress without scaring your man. Perhaps, in black this bra would look better, but far from being attractive anyway. The cups are very thin, as other reviewers already noticed, but for me it was not a problem. Hence, I give it 2 stars for holding the straps at the center as a T-back supposed. The bust support is OK for one day until fabric stretches. Wonder why it is so expensive if it is neither good sport or comfort bra, nor a sexy dress style."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love these hoops! They are so comfortable to wear and are a nice size if you want a hoop but don't want the dangers of catching them on anything.They were a bit smaller than I thought they would be, but once I put them on, I was hooked. I have short hair so they are visible regardless. If you have longer hair, these earring might be hidden.I'm glad I stumbled upon these - quite by accident. They are a replacement pair for ones my husband bought me that were almost 2\" across and made me look like DUMBO.The earrings are packaged nicely too. They come in a nice pouch with a authenticity tag.I highly recommend these earrings. Buy with confidence."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought a white Enell about 3 years ago and had it fitted in a store. So that was helpful because I was confident in what size I needed to buy. But the size chart provided is helpful and seems to be accurate for me. This is SO supportive and makes my workouts so much better. Also this is the only bra I can run in. I will say the purple one feels slightly cheaper than the white one I bought years ago. The straps are a little papery/less padded. I'm  not sure if that is because it's newer and they have changed them all or just this purple one is different. But either way it's still great and very supportive! Will probably order one more in black just so I have a clean one at all times."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This was purchased for my 4 year old to wear when we took him to see the new Superman movie. The quality is what you would expect from a packaged halloween costume that is meant to be worn for one day. The S on the chest started peeling on one corner after a few days of wear. My son is obsessed with super heros so he wears this costume around the house almost daily. The stitching for the velcro on the belt came loose and had to be repaired. For the price I paid for this, we have got our money's worth out if it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I don't like that the different styles are made in different locations so you never really get a consistent make or wear with Levi's anymore.  This particular &#34;lot or batch&#34;  was good.  However, they seem to be thinner than usual.  Not really sure if that a new thing.  They have 7 belt loops.  Some poor reviews stated they had 5.  This again may be a consequence of multiple manufacturing facilities.Overall, basic Levi quality with expected characteristics.  Price is more reasonable online than most store retailers.  I think this offsets risks."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Just the usual superb Carhartt quality.  This coat is warm, tough, comfortable, and surprisingly good looking.  I wear it on hunting trips AND to go out to nice places in my city.  It looks as good today, many outdoor hiking and hunting trips layer, as the day I bought it a year ago.  Brass hardware both looks good and is really durable.Oh, and as some reviewers are saying, it starts out really stiff.  Trust me, a year later it feels like the most comfortable coat you've ever owned.  Like good boots, you need to break this in.  It's tough as nails, it has to start out stiff.I basically will only buy Carhartt outerwear these days for any serious function.  No one but Dickey comes close on quality.  Highly recommended."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I like the shoes, a lot.  The only issue I have is the top, instep is very snug.  It is making my foot sore.  I think it will loosen up a little, so for now I am only wearing the shoes part time.  I needed these to wear in the house, for some support while I am doing my normal house chores, so I just take them off for a bit, then go back to them later.  I hope they loosen up, I really like New Balance shoes, have been purchasing this brand for years."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Bought these to go to Bali in February since a friend highly recommended them.  Decided to first wear these on a weekend vacation to Monterey and Carmel with lots of walking.  I put them on straight out of the box (with thin socks as it was a cool day) and walked miles in complete comfort.  I saw the other reviews that said go up a size but I ordered my regular size and they fit fine.  I usually wear a 7 or 71/2 and got the 71/2.  They are a bit wide in the toe box and I have very high arches but so far it's been OK.  Love the Sweet grape orchid color.  Cute and fun shoes.  They are going to Bali with me!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have been wearing Merrells for a while and highly suggest them for anyone that has trouble finding comfortable shoes. I must say that I prefer the Jungle Moc Nubuck, Brown Nubuck but it seems that the Brown Nubuck  are being discontinued for the present time and it's hard to find the Brown Nubuck. I decided to try Men's Merrell Jungle Moc Leather, Mahogany Brown and was very satisfied with every thing but the color. The Merrell Jungle Moc Leather, Mahogany Brown is not mahogany at all, not even close but rather a tan looking color. Beware that the Mahogany Brown as shown in the picture is not the correct color. It is a very light brown or tan colored shoe. I almost sent them back but the return time frame closed on me. If you like a lighter colored shoe this is a great and comfortable shoe. I do like the new sole on this shoe. It has a better grip support sole that the older Merrells. It is made of all smooth leather and not suede like most other Merrells."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered this bra per the product guidelines..I am very large busted, and I thought this would be a good nursing bra--for not having wires.The only thing this bra is good for is for holding nursing pads in overnight.  There's no support--none.  I can't even imagine it would support me if I was smaller, either.  The fabric is fairly decent, but I am surprised at the positive reviews from the larger busted lady reviews on here.  I recommend the Goddess bra, or glamourmom nursing tanks--this bra was seriously a joke!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Well I've been wearing these jeans for a few years now. Levi's and others seem to have lost their quality and fit goal and so a number of years ago I stopped buying levis. The particular jeans fit well...I'm not the smallest guy around at 6 foot tall and 285lbs. These jeans fit well and are comfortable to me, they fit like jeans should on a man...(certainly not skin tight). Good product and well made (the product line pics don't really do it justice). I will continue to buy these jeans as long as Carhartt keeps the product on course. Well made quality product that fits right."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "So, I love the idea here, but there are some considerations. First, the S/M is more for training bras or people who are very small/petite. So, I wish they would just call it Small rather than S/M. I think most women would need the Large/XL, even though it sounds big, I think it suit more people.Second, the right fit is important because if it's too tight, the part that grabs the back of your bra straps starts to cinch the strap, so you have two, tiny bunches by your shoulder blades that stick out like little bumps on your back.Finally, the clips do slip once in a while, so there is a chance they'll come undone. Then you'll have a swinging strap on your back.Again, I like the idea here, and it's better more often than not. But it's not as revolutionary as I thought it would be. :)  I'm still waiting for a better solution."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have had several Timex's over the years and they've all held up.  Timex watches usually outlast the bands they come with!  We bought this for our daughter who was learning to tell time in First grade.  All in all it's a good watch and she likes the look of it.  The only complaint we have is that the numbers for the seconds are really small, making it hard to read them. In a perfect world, those numbers would be a bit larger.  All in all, a great watch for a young one learning to tell time."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It fits well! However, I did not notice that it has no &#34;light, thin&#34; lining. MY FAULT. It's true to size. If you want a bit of lining, I need it, then you can buy thin liners at a craft/sewing store. HOWEVER&#60; if you do that buy a bigger cup size or you'll hand out.It's so hard to find decent T backs or racer backs. Some of us have small shoulders and or hand problems that make it hard to use back closing bras.I gave it 4 because it is what it is. I didn't give it 3 because that is not fair to the company. But for me personally it is not a 5 star."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've been trying to find a pair of trail running socks, but most everything I've seen or tested is at both ends of the spectrum - either too thick and tall, or too thin and short. Although they are called Hiking/Outdoor Socks, I would not consider them trail running. They are very comfortable due to thickness, but that's not what I want in a trail sock. Still, I can't fault them for hiking because they are quality made and feel good in hiking shoes/boots."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "So I bought a pair because I remember having a pair years back that looked really nice and were quite comfortable. This style has back pockets spaced wider apart than I remember - somewhat similar to Wrangler 13MWZ &#34;cowboy pants&#34;.Contrary to popular opinion, Wrangler butts don't always drive them nuts. My girlfriend doesn't like the look so much. I had ditched two pairs of 13MWZ for the same reason.I will keep them because, well, I am too lazy to send them back and they are very comfortable."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have been wearing Carhartt for several years. I usually buy them at my local store but the Amazon price is $10 less and my local store would not match. The last 5 pairs of these pants I have purchased, including this pair have all been very bad on size consistency. I have worn the same size for years and up until recently there was little to no variation. But this last year or so has been pretty bad. I have seen variation's of at least an inch in inseam & waist. For me that is the difference of pants dragging on the ground or practically falling off my waist! I'm not sure what is going on in the quality control department, but I'm going to be trying the Duluth Fire hose pants now to see if they are more consistent. My co-worker swears by them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I really, really wanted to love this bra. It shipped quickly and when I opened it up the product seemed to be of the usual high quality that comes with a Wacoal bra. But when I went to try it on it was far too small for me. I usually wear a 38DD and that is what I ordered. I have many other Wacoal bras and I always wear a 38DD no exceptions. But this fit like a 34DD. The cup size was fine but the band was far too small. I sadly went out of town and missed the opportunity to return it so I'll hope that I lose a bit of weight and it will one day fit because it seems like a really good bra, just make sure you order up a size or two."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have loved and worn this style sports bra for years.  When it was time to replace the current crop, I went to my normal bra store, only to discover they were out of it in my size.  On a whim, I checked on Amazon.  They not only had the bra, in my size, but at a cheaper price.  What's not to love?This is a great bra for larger busted women.  It really keeps the girls in place.  And unlike most bras, it doesn't seem to stretch out.  Maybe that's because I don't put them in the dryer.  It also helps that the straps are not elastic.  But there are slots so that they can be adjusted.Fitting note - I find all Natori bras to be true to size.  So, order what you normally wear."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The watch itself is great. It's very nice looking, the band is very cool and the whole thing is super light and thin. There are only two issues I have with it: First, the clasp is not very easy to use. Second, the hands don't glow in the dark.There is also no second hand, which makes it kind of hard to tell if it's working, but I don't really mind not having one.All in all, I would recommend this watch for someone that needs a basic but classy watch that doesn't get in the way of clothing or gloves."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am a 34DD and have tried many of the high-end bras out there, such as Chantelle. This beauty of a bra really surprised me! I ordered one for working out, but ended up ordering a bunch more and now wear them every day. The bra provides wonderful, supportive coverage that is very comfortable, so comfortable that you can even sleep in it. The straps are wide, the cups are lightly lined and retain their shape well, and the back does not push up any underarm/back flab. I'll be wearing this bra for as long as I live!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I used these for hiking and I didn't want anything too heavy or bulky so these were just what I wanted.  I wear a lighter pair of wicking socks under these.  They fit nicely, had plenty of stretch and were nice and soft.  They dried quickly when I removed my hiking boots.  I am very please with this purchase.  I keep an extra pair in my pack if needed.  I hiked 10 miles up and down Mt. Katahdin with no blisters or anything so I have to say these socks did the trick to the max.Tom"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have worn Keen sandals in the past and the first pair I owned was for hiking and kayaking in the Western States.  They are very durable and comfortable in most every situation.  I purchased this pair to have a \"dress\" pair of sandals that could be worn to outdoor get togethers in the heat of the summer.  The lining for your foot is very comfortable and the leather and construction seem to be top notch.  You spend more for these on the front end but will have years of enjoyment in wearing them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I really wanted an ALL Rose Gold look. And this company makes them in all gold and all silver with one side glossy and the other a satin look which would be my first choice, but so far they do not have it in all Rose Gold. I have shoulder length hair and they barely show. I might switch to a dangle shape instead. However they are truly beautiful and rich looking. If I had gobs of money I would definitely keep them! I have to decide....it's hard to know what to do. I have a ring wth rose gold and would like earrings of same color to match."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was glad to find these jeans in a size 35 waist, since I had only seen Levi's in even-sized waist only. The color is a great stonewash hue, ideal for me. Two important differences compared to the 501's: ONE, the 505 has a zipper instead of metal buttons on the fly (a well-known feature); TWO, less known is that the rise in the 505's is lower than the 501's. The difference in the rise, in my pants is a 1 1/2\" lower rise in the 505's, something I am not used to."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are expensive but the quality is great and the fit is athletic without being restrictive.  I needed underwear for what they are designed for: washing in a hotel sink and throwing over a shower rod.  They dry super fast (few hours usually if hung in ample air circulation.  They are very comfortable, don't get damp.  The fit is a bit loose but in the right way: not dumpy and keep things where they are supposed to stay. Unlike cotton shirts, they don't wrinkle or look hammered after frequent use."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was debating between a 1 and 2 star rating.  These Jockey briefs are good quality, but Jockey has a sizing problem between sizes 7 and 8.  I first ordered 3 size 8s and they are somewhat large so went back on Amazon, checked the sizing charts then ordered 3 size 7s.  There is at least 2 or more inches difference in the width of these two sizes and the 7 is more than an inch shorter.  I can't complain about the quality of Jockey, but sizing is a totally separate issue.  The size 7s will be donated to Goodwill ASAP."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This sweater is much thinner then I expected. The photo shown to advertise it looks like the sweater is pretty thick or at least medium. When I got it, it was very thin & even looked stretched, the front design was very open. In the picture it looks like the design is stitched tight and therefore well made but the one delivered to me wasn't. Also, the arms are way too long. I ordered size Medium knowing the length of the sweater is kind of long, that's ok but when the sleeves are way too long, then it's not practical. No wonder the women in the picture has one arm held up and the other in her pants pocket.I have ordered before from National & it was all good, but not this time."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "There are the heaviest and best work and all around pocket t shirts . I like I can get tall sizes that never show a plumbers crack and tuck in well keeping in warmth  . The long sleeves ones are great to layer in winter . The material is almost as heavy as tent canvas but soft as it is cotton . They are generous to size but do order your regular one because air pockets are good insulators as well as aid in wicking moisture and drying  . They shrink a tad . Carhartt's are absolutely the best but you do have to pay up for them . They are worth it . If a thinner material will do I will try other quality brands like Key's or St Johns Bay if their on sale but truth be told the Carhartt's are best . They stain less and the same goes for other wear and tear. I have found it is better to not use bleach when washing these .Good luck"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "After years of trying to teach my (now 8-year old) daughter to tell time, this watch was the thing that did the trick. It's got a pink hour hand, which matches with the pink hours printed on the watch face, and a purple minute hand, which matches with the 0-60 minutes printed on the watch face. She just matches them up (pink hour hand goes with pink numbers, purple minute hand goes with purple numbers) and she knows the time.It's perfectly sized for little wrists- the band is elastic with a little metal slider that allows for the watchband to be made smaller or bigger- and can be slid on and off. It's also water resistant, so my daughter can wear it in the pool and in the shower with no worries.Thank you, Timex, for finally answering the question &#34;what time is it *now*?&#34;"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have to admit, I was more impressed by Rosetta Stone than I thought I'd be. I learned French the old fashioned way (four years in high school and more in college), so the idea of taking on a new language in a way I had never tried before seemed like an interesting alternative.It was a lot more enjoyable than I thought it would be. I have a smattering of Italian from my family, and this added to it when I began to recognize words I had never seen before, but only heard.It installed on my Mac with no problems. I had a few issues with the microphone, but if you google it (there is help online), I found a fix that worked with little effort.I can't say Level 1 of Rosetta Stone is going to make you speak like a native, but after sampling this, it really does make you want to go onto the next phase, if it's as painless as this was."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I found these to be a bit smaller than store brands like Hanes and Fruit of the Loom. I do like the style though. My one big problem with these panties is that they are perfumed. Seriously, whose idea was it to scent women's underwear?? Why is this necessary? Jockey, do you also scent men's underwear, or are women just particularly stinky? And why would they think we would like it?? I've washed them 3 times now, soaked them overnight in a borax and vinegar mixture, and they still smell. I'm worried that I could get a UTI from the scent if I wear them. As long as they keep using perfume in their underwear, I will not purchase Jockey panties again."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Maidenform's bra was labeled the correct size, but when my wife compared them to another bra that they sent her you could see that it was an inch and a half shorter in length, and the cup size was smaller too so it did not fit.  They said over the phone they could do an exchange, then when we paid $10 to ship it to them they said 5 weeks later that they do not do exchanges.  They have no consistency in their bra sizes, and they have terrible customer service support."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These 14K gold hoops are about the diameter of a dime  1/2 inch, and the width is about 1/4 inch.  The hoops seem sturdy, the catch looks fragile.  I did wear them for a week nonstop and they never came undone.  But I imagine taking them on and off repeatedly might eventually be an issue with the fragile looking catch.  These would be great for a child, and good for a women when she doesn't want a large hoop.  These have a post that sticks out a bit in the back, so they are not as comfortable as a hoop where the clasp goes inside the hoop. But it wasn't nearly  as uncomfortable as a butterfly back post because the post tends to hang downward rather than poking  straight back. They have a polish finish, and are a good choice for a small unobtrusive but substantial looking earring."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Ive tried many different types of boxers/boxer briefs, these are amazing. After 6 months neither pair has any sign of wear or waist elastic becoming loose or frayed - they appear brand new. VERY cool, comfortable, and they DONT RIDE UP. Super easy to wash in sink and dry really fast. I just bought 2 more pairs so I have 4 different colors. I will never buy any other type of underwear again, without a doubt. Theyre pricey for boxers but their comfort and durability and versatility are absolutely 100% worth it.The fact that I took the time to write a review about a pair of boxers says something in itself as to how great they are."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It took awhile and some deep breathing to finally spring for the WACOAL brand that I'd heard so much about (we've even had conversations about these bras at work), but I needed a T-back bra and decided to go for it, expensive tag and all.  And I have to say it IS the most comfortable and form-flattering bra that I own.  It easily compares to the pricey Victoria's Secret bras that I have splurged on in the past and is pretty if not uber-sexy...seems made more for function than fun...and in that it definitely excels. Not sure why it is that I feel I have to justify paying for comfort and performance in lingerie, I certainly pay for and expect it sportswear, shoes, jeans, etc.  Maybe because its underneath and not seen? Anyway, this is now my go-to bra for comfort and looks, and I won't hesitate (well, maybe one deep breath) to buy another WACOAL bra."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Wacoal doesn't make the style I've been wearing anymore but this new style is a good substitute. It fits well, is true to size and quite comfortable...for a bra, that is. I like this style as well as the old style. Kinda nice to have a change. This is a good everyday bra...should last a long time. Wacoal makes good quality, good fitting bras that wear well. A bit pricey but worth it. I got the white but would like to get the other colors when they become available."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "yeah, I gave my husband a man bag.  He only uses it when we travel (hides it in the car as he won't admit to needing one).  He does like it, great for the cell phone, car keys, wallet iPod etc that he needs to keep track of.  It has a military look which he preferred, but the canvas that the bag is made out of is very thin, I don't think it could take much abuse.  And that's why it gets 4 stars instead of 5.  At least I no longer have to lug his stuff in my purse!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought my first pair about four years ago and was quite pleased with them.  They are like a heavy duty control top panyhose but they really lift and tuck the goopy stuff.Recently while trying on some new skirts I turned around and was dismayed at what appeared in the mirror!  Horrors!  My butt has gone south, but not to worry, I tried the said skirts on with my Spanx and that solved my problem.  Now the twins back there look nice and perky...well, not like when I was 16, but maybe when I was a 33 year old dance teacher.The waist and thighs stay in place, no rolling there.  Even though I'm a size 2 it does take a little more \"work\" to get these babies on. But once they are in place, wow!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "When I received these, they looked like good quality and the latch looked secure. I wore them to work (I have a desk job) and lost one the first day. Fortunately for me, the cleaning lady helped me look for it and managed to find it on the floor in the office. Now I'm scared to wear them again. I have another pair of sterling silver hoops that have this same type of latch. I've worn them for years, and they've never fallen out of my ears. I can't help but be disappointment with a pair of earrings when one falls out of my ear on the first day, especially when I did not do anything to cause it to fall out."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This bra fits well and the demi look is sexy.  Nice to have a sexy bra in my size, 34D.  The fit is on the small size.  This is a good choice for those of us with short torsos.  The side wings don't cut into me like on a lot of bras and as others have said the straps are very adjustable.What I don't like about the bra is that the underwire is scratchy, and the cup tops are visible under t-shirts.  Maidenform demi cups show under t-shirts on me, I'm not sure why.  I do have one Wacoal demi that is completely invisible, so I know it's possible to create an invisible demi."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wasn't sure if I was going to like this as I was buying it online, but it is the perfect size and I love the big numbers and  ... my husband keeps trying to steal it! I have relatively small hands and a narrow wrist so was concerned about the size of the watch face because I know some of them are rather large (for a man's wrist) ... this one is perfect!TIP: I measured the top of my wrist to get an idea of what size watch face would work."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Although I love the look of the bra, and the size seems fine, I was hoping for something more comfortable. Unfortunately, it seems that when I purchase good looking, somewhat supportive bras, I find them uncomfortable, and after just a short period of time, can't wait to take them off. The comfortable ones may lack style and support but they do offer comfort. If only someone could design the perfect match. Also, this one does show back fat and I was hoping for a sleeker look. I'm a 38D so, unfortunately, in professional settings, I do need to wear a bra with a bit of support. Just haven't found the perfect one yet."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Okay, the strap is black but the dial itself is brown. It's very cute! great for simple outfits and it even has the date. The light up mechanism itself, is a button on the side that you pressed. I thought it would be the numbers itself so when I'm groggy in the middle of the night, I can just half-open my one eye, and I will be able to tell the time, but no, I have to push the button. Maybe I'm spoiled by technologies, but it's not hard to just make it glow, right? ah, what do i know."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I wanted something that I could wear around the house on those &#34;just want to be comfy&#34; days.  This bra fits the bill.  I wear a 36DD and went with the 38D/D/DD size.  The cups fit good and do not cause a uniboob like a lot of bras like this cause.  However, the band was a bit snug on me.  When I reordered a couple more I went with the 40C/D/DD and like that fit much better.  I would say this is the next most comfortable thing to bra-less :-)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I hate bounce. I'm a 36DD, and like high impact sports. While this bra didn't completely eliminate bounce, it certainly reduced it to a more comfortable level. I can do intervals in this, play basketball, and jump around to my hearts content. I still sometimes do the double bra technique with this bra, but this is probably the only bra I'd wear on its own for high impact sports.Upside: best bra around for minimizing bounceDownside: Ugly. No getting around that. You can't wear cute little tops with this. But when you don't have painful bounce, you can live with a little more coverage."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I must like these shoes, this is my fourth pair, and they're all still in use. I discovered Merrell's hiking shoes maybe 10-12 years ago, and always found them to be well made, durable and comfortable. The jungle mocs continue the tradition, and add the convenience of being a slip-on. This makes them my go-to shoes for a run out to the mailbox, for any activity that involves walking, yard work (the oldest pair), etc. They are also good looking enough for business casual wear at the office, going well with khakis or jeans on casual Friday."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was so disappointed with these jeans.  I got them tried them on and thought these are what I have been waiting on.  I desired to have a pair of carpenter type of jeans tha tkept their shape for at lease longer than a day.  The day I put these jeans on, I was so excited about reaching my goal.  Well, I was totally surprised when on the day of putting these pants on, that within four hours theses pants are 'bigger and longer&#34;.  This is what I did not want at all. I thought trying this brand would remedy the problem that I have with other brands with this type of jeans.  Would I buy them again-NO! NO! NO!.  The process of the delivery of the jeans to my home was great without any problems or complications."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Bought a pair of 33x30. I think they fit like 28x30. Like 3&#34; short of snapping.I bought these because I am tired of paying a lot for Levies and never knowing where I am getting a good price or a horrible price. Also, what model, etc.FYI - My wife did not like these. Thought they looked very very boring. Old man pants.Liked:- Quality made or so in my opinion in the 10 min I looked at them and tried them on.Disliked:- About 5 sizes too small. Not sure why. I checked the inside label to be sure.- They are a bit old man looking. More so than I could tell from the online pic."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I live a pretty active life - so I really needed a great pair walking shoes that I could also wear for casual dress.  These looked great on line and got great reviews, but it's always a &#34;shot in the dark&#34; when you buy shoes on line.  When these arrived I put them on right away, walked about 6 feet and realized that they not only fit, but they felt really good on my feet.  I didn't even have to break them in - I just immediately went on a 2-mile walk and felt like I was walking on marshmallows.  (That's a good thing!)  These shoes are light weight and my husband says they look good on my feet, too.  (I agree.)  I am a size 8 medium and these ran true to size.  Oh - And did I mention they're vegan, too.  Big plus for me."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These shoes are worn very regularly by most of my family for nearly barefoot comfort. We like the colors and the look of them. I like the pink ones, because when I was a kid my mother told me I could be invisible in pink sneakers. I have 2 pairs of the high tops, one pair is 5 years old and while they are limp and a bit faded, the soles are still in decent condition. I also have a pair of the oxfords in raspberry rose which is just a fantastic pink color, and doesn't seem to be fading fast. My daughter loves her Skydiver Blue pair.They don't offer any support and they do run large. But as long as you aren't doing a lot of walking, they are very comfortable and light weight. I use my oxfords as slip ons with the laces tied a bit loose."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I got these for my daughter because I favor black Converse Chuck Taylor All-Star high-tops myself when I wear sneakers, and she likes to clomp around in them, so I thought I'd get her her own pair. Once she found out they come in pink, no other color would do.  Sigh.  But they are SUPER cute, and the lacing up the ankles means they fit tight and won't come off, but lots of room to grow through the toes.  One drawback, the laces are hard for a toddler to manage, and she has extreme difficulty getting them off by herself."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this cincher to wear under a dress in an upcoming wedding I'm attending.  I estimated the size I needed, and ordered a Large.  I'm 5'4&#34; and 170 (and losing!!)  I was nervous at first, because it didn't seem like it would fit, but once I got it on, it fit great!  No struggle to get on either.  I pulled my dress on over it and Voila! The hour-glass shape I was looking for!!  It flattened my belly and pulled in my sides over my hips!!  I'm so happy with the results!!  I kept it on through the evening last night to see how it felt as it settled on my body, and it doesn't seem to shift.  There is a slight amount of rolling on the top, but its really not bad.  I'm very pleased with this undergarment!!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought one of these waist cinchers and its very effective and not too uncomfortable.  An added benefit is that it helps me to remember to sit up straight.  It works well for me, its not the easiest piece of clothing to put on because of each individual hook and eye but once on it stays in place and does its job perfectly. I'm a bit short so this rides a little higher and lower on my than in the picture but that's exactly where I need the support!  SB 5 foot 4 and 140 lbs"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love these Timex Watches, the face is a bone colour and the numbers are black and easy to see.The minute and hour hand glow and the indiglo is the best for at night or in the dark. I really likethe red minute hand which on my watch, actually lines up with the minute increments on the face.I found this model to be very comfy to wear, I always prefer leather straps and this one isnice and soft.The watch is neither too large or too small on my wrist, a perfect fit.The Easy Set Alarm is just that, easy! And loud enough too!If you need a watch for reminding you of things throughout the day, thenthis is the one for you.I don't care if this watch/battery only lasts for 12 months, because I buy a newwatch every year on my birthday, but I'm sure it will take the knocks I dish outjust like my other Timex."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I originally purchased this sandal with the intent of doing some light hiking and river-rafting.  The sandal held up remarkably well!  The only reason I haven't given this five stars is because when wearing this sandal barefoot, the inside of the arch-supports have a little nodule that rubbed uncomfortably against my feet.  HOWEVER - I have extremely flat feet, so maybe it's me and not the sandal.  I would still recommend this footwear, as it is tough enough to hike in, and comfortable enough to get wet in.Pros:- Tough, rugged, versatile- Stylish- Great Value (I paid $64, retails for $80)- Sizes for all (I wear a 15)- Closed toe (no more stubby-stabby!)- Good tread for hiking- Easy elastic and clamp tiesCons:- Rough spot on the inside arches- Sizes run about 1/2 large"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I don't find the boxer briefs particularly comfortable.  The angled seams are irritating. I can't speak to the usual, &#34;you can wear them for an extended period&#34;, portion of other reviews as I find them so uncomfortable that I can't keep them on for longer than 30 minutes.  The build quality it good, I don't find the material particulary soft and comfortable either.  The fit is good as well.I won't take them down below 3 stars as each body is different."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I've purchased the 3mm, 4mm, 5mm & 6mm sizes.  I was happy with all, but not with this 6mm size.  These are from a different manufacturer/supplier, Leach and Garner.  While they look good, the posts are too short and very slippery, also the backs don't stay on tight, slipping off very, very easily.  I have thin to average ear lobes, but found I couldn't wear these without them falling off (potentially, getting lost).  Otherwise, they would have been fine.  I returned them and would not buy this pair again."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The main reason why I got this underwear is because I experience much chafing with other underwear that will get wet, have rigid sewing lines, and have little bits of cotton ball up inside of them, all of which attribute to chafing.  I bodybuild, so at 6'2&#34; 250 lbs, no chafing is important to me.  Also, these are great for exercising, which is also a plus.  They will never rip from squatting, and they dry quickly, making sweating more comfortable.  Oh yeah, back to chafing.  These eliminated any and all chafing I had.  Also, I like that they have extra space around the balls for more airiness.  They can ride up, but the fabric is so comfortable that it doesn't bother me if it does happen although these do seem to ride up less often than Hanes and the like."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have these exciting undies in pink. The simple waistband doesn't tell everyone I am wearing nylon panties when it peeks over my slacks. The gentle but snug leg elastic keeps me inside the panties (no fallout) and the full seat offers good coverage. This style runs somewhat large in the cut of the fabric. That is a good thing for a mature gent as there is extra slippery nylon fabric in front to hold and caress all day long ! The slinky nylon stretches to support most any happy wearer. I would recommend these 'feel good' panties for any man."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought a pair of 501's from Amazon and they feel a little lighter than my last two pairs I bought right off the shelf at SEARS almost a year ago. That's about it. I'm happy with my purchase. But! I usually buy 505's, but with the great variables in sizing I wont buy that style without trying them on first. Consistency is lost more or less, except with the 501's. The 501 style at least is going to fit the same way each time,no matter if they are made in Egypt or Mexico, Brazil or wherever they originate from. I always bought my jeans at Sears, but when you buy Levi 501's and see Egypt on the tags, well there's outsourcing and then there is outsourcing. Unbelievable, but get used to it. Its here to stay. Homemade will never be homemade ever again, at least for some products that is."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Wow!  I paid $67 for this exact watch on Amazon just a few weeks ago! I was shocked to see that the current price is $112.50.  It's a great watch at $67, not quite as good at the higher price - note that CostCo sells them for $69.95.  The links are truly a bear to remove.  I suspect that the link removal device sold on Amazon may not work due to the particular design of these links.  You have to push the linking device out from inside the band rather than from the outside edge of the band."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "It's not lined so you definitely might have 2 peaks showing through your shirt.  The cup wasn't the right fit for me.  I've been experimenting with finding the appropriate bra sizes and decided to try a 30F in this bra because a 30 E wasn't available.  My true bra size is a 28E and my sister sizes are a 30DD and a 26F.  I thought if I went in the middle and got a 30E it would fit but I was wrong.  Definitely get your true size in this bra if they have it,  If they don't, then I wouldn't recommend getting a sister size or guessing which size would fit."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Great Watch... I am on my 2nd one. My first watch is still working and keeping excellent time on my friends ATV handle bars. lol  I replaced the Band twice and bought a new one simply cause it started to not look so nice. It took the licking and kept on ticking for years with the original battery. Just too banged up to be presentable. So before the 3rd band wore out, and the battery failed... I decided to just buy a new one here. In a nutshell, Great watch... Easy to use... and a great price on Amazon.Mark from CANADA!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I am so happy with these... they feel great and very sturdy.  The sizing chart was accurate... I am 5'6/200 and I ordered 1x/2x which fit fine.  The control top is very comfortable compared to other brands.  The fabric is very smooth, not too flimsy but not suffocatingly thick either. It also is not snagging like other nylons, nor do I notice any pilling.  They are so comfortable, and I expect to get many more wears out of these.  I am so impressed with these I just bought 2 more pairs."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I loved this watch when I first recieved it but I have quite a collection and don't wear any one watch often. Bought this one in July 2012, it is now January 2013 and I've only worn it 3 times. On the 3rd wearing the band came loose from the face and at this point I can only get a partial refund. NOT COOL!! I have one other Skagen that I purchased at the same time (a browm dial) and now I'm almost afraid to wear that one. Like this one, it is thin and nice to look at. I will not even consider another Skagen in the future. Looks and feels like quality, but NOT!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I use these in my cowboy boots and they have done a wonderful job of keeping the toes from curling up with infrequent use. All of my boots are exotics and require dressing to be applied quite frequently. With these in place the task becomes a joy instead of a chore. I am going to buy many more pairs! By the way they fit perfectly and are very easy to put in or take out. I use my boot jack hooks to remove them as my arthritic fingers are no longer up to the task."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Merrell Men's Jungle Moc Slip-On,Gunsmoke,13 W is a not so good fit for my son.  I wish Merrell made more WIDE and extra-wide shoes.  These were a struggle to get on over socks.  After a couple of weeks he admitted to me that he could not wear them but was unable to find the box and receipt for a few days but when he did he brought them over to me.  We printed off a return label and immediately took them to UPS for a return.  The easy Amazon refund only took a few days."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I originally bought one of these bras in a department store when they didn't have any nursing bras my size, and I purchased an additional one from Amazon later.  The salesperson said she wore this bra all the time while her baby was breastfeeding!  The salesperson helped me find the correct size so that the underwires do not pinch my breast tissue, which can lead to clogged ducts.  I actually only pump since my baby never learned to breastfeed, but it's very easy to unsnap the front to pump.  The stretchy cups accomodate size changes throughout the day from breastfeeding, and the underwires make it so much more flattering than the wire free bras I've tried.  My only complaint is that the cups are very thin, so I need to wear nursing pads to prevent \"headlights\" -- for this reason, I will not wear these bras once I'm done breastfeeding and will go back to a padded or molded cup style."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Just like always, if your from the west coast you know what I mean. Perfect fit as always but, the days of taking them home to wash and shrink them after purchase (shrink to fit) is still available But. the thick LEVI denim is a thing of the past. I remember back in late 60's, early 70's these pants would stand on there own when you would get them out of the washer they would chaff the hair off your legs all for $14.99, those days are gone. But with Global warming happening there a great pant and there priced right for the times."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Where do I even begin with how impressed I am with this wallet? It was slightly bigger than I thought it'd be, but when I opened it up, I discovered why - slots GALORE! There are probably 20 card slots alone all over the inside of this wallet, and there are 2 large pockets and perhaps 3-4 small ones for receipts, cash, and whatever else you'd like to store inside your wallet. There is a clasped pouch on one side for your change.Overall, this wallet is extremely well-designed and very useful for those of us who constantly carry a lot of cards with us. The colors are as expected (I got the warm pink shade) and the texture is matte, smooth and durable. Plus, the price is unbeatable! Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase and will look into more Buxton wallets in the future."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I was asked to get some fishnets.  Im a lil above average...5'8, 190 pounds with NOT toned legs lol.  Anyhow, I figured plus size would work.  They did.  They tops do not roll down, or squeeze the fat up over them.  I wore them with garters and a garter belt.  The only thing I don't like is that they are the loose knit, not stretchy kind...so I can see them losing shape if you don't tend to them by handwashing periodically."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This is an update to my first review.  The band is showing signs of wear after only a few months.  I am disappointed, but still think it's a decent watch.Original review:  This is a lovely watch that weighs almost nothing and lies flat on the wrist.  I have some very exclusive and expensive watches - but I am wearing this one because it is so comfortable.  The only negative so far - it has come loose a few times.  I think I buckle it properly - maybe it catches on something.  The band has an amazingly silky feel.  Excellent value!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Carhartt makes some of the best quality clothing for men, which generally is considered &#34;work-wear&#34;.  By far one of the leaders in this area. In this case the t-shirt is well made and fits appropriately. This is not some fashion fitting item, its a product designed to fit but to allow freedom of movement and comfort. You can't go wrong buying this if you are looking for tough, comfortable and well made clothing for work/leisure/ or whatever. I always look to Carhartt for tough well made clothes that are # 1 in quality."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I'm giving these 2 stars because they are comfortable and basically the best pair of \"drawers\" lol I've ever purchased.HOWEVER they lied! You can clearly see your panty line so don't wear any  form fitting clothes with these!!I wore a high low maxi dress with Jockey Skimmies Slipshorts underneath so that's two articles of clothing on top and as clear as day I was able to see my panty outline!Another time I wore a pair of  light color jeggings and not only did the panty line show but the middle seam and the design on them did too!!very embarrassing!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My son wanted a Dickies work pants for work, something comfortable, of good quality and could handle the wear and tear required of his daily tasks.  He wanted a bright color to match with the theme required at work, so Royal Blue would be the closest and acceptable to the theme.  When I purchased this Dickies Men's Original work pants for him I did not know what to expect, since I was ordering a different style from a previous choice in my order.  The package arrived quickly, quality excellent, and the pants is comfortable, allows you to move freely in the pants and are true to size. The Seller has provided accurate advertising in the description of these pants.  The packaging was excellent.  I would recommend this style of Dickies Men's Original 874 work pants to anyone seeking pants that can withstand durability, has quality, is reasonably priced, and you have choices of various colors to choose from, and are true to size and advertisement of the product."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "We got several of these before our overseas (by plane) trip.  They came in very handy for stacking the bags and luggage we had to manhandle through customs, airports, into taxis & B & Bs, etc.  They were very easy to use & sturdy, and I recommend every traveler carry a couple for unexpected needs (to bind more than one thing together for easy carrying).  I used one every day in the rental car to hang my bags on (hung it from the head rest) so items didn't get tossed and lost."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Seriously, a review on underwear? But these really are worth it. I took three pair of these with me on an 800-mile walk of California's El Camino Real this Spring. While I did not attempt wearing them for multiple days without washing, they were extremely comfortable and the snug-but-not-tight legs seemed to prevent any chafing. Being nylon, they could be hand washed at night, rolled tightly in a towel and then left flat to dry overnight. These are now my standard choice instead of cotton boxers, which get damp and clammy in hot weather. These feel much better."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought this bra not with sports in mind.  This is not a 'pretty, feminine' bra. As a large busted woman, I was tired of being disappointed with ill fitting bras. I needed the back/posture support and ample coverage.  This bra provides both--however the drawbacks are: 1)the straps are not long enough for me and 2) It gives you that 'minimizer bra' look. Nice wide straps and it provides cleavage coverage.  You may want to wear a tank or camisole with lower/open neck tops."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I originally ordered a Large Tall. I'm 6'4&#34; with a 42&#34; chest, 34&#34; waist, 190 lbs, and wear a 16/36 in dress shirts. The Large Tall was perfect for length of sleeves and waist, but I could easily have gained another 100 lbs to fill it out.  I returned it and got the Medium Tall. It is MUCH better. Gives me enough room to wear a couple layers under and looks more like the guy in the picture with his hand in his pocket. The Large gave me enough room that I wouldn't be surprised if I could wear the Medium underneath it. This is a quality constructed jacket that should last for years."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Pretty nice jeans. They are very dark and the color does run when they are washed. They definably fit larger than the 505's in &#34;Range&#34; that I bought in the same size. These sit at the waste not below. I soaked them when I first got them and have washed and dried them a few times and they shrank some but are still bigger than the 505's in &#34;Range&#34;.Bottom line is these are Levi's and they are notoriously inconsistent. You can find them almost anywhere. I would just buy in store so you know they will fit ok."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I have several pair of a no longer made Keen \"flip style\" which I love, but I love this shoe even better.  It has the same supportive sole, the toe protection and the secureness of the heel strap.  I love the flips for easy on, but for really walking around - this shoe is perfect for me.I have a normal to slightly high arch and a squarish foot.  I ordered my normal Keen size 9 and fit was perfect.  I threw caution to the wind and wore these 3 days in a row after receiving them - most of the days, tromping around doing errands.  I had 1 spot that was resolved by a nail trim and that was that.  I expected more irritation from the webbing but NOT!A bit more effort to put on than a slide or flip but not that much so they work for a quick out with my dog.I bought these on a \"special\" and wish I'd bought another or 2 more pair."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "This bra is extremely comfortable, affordable and pretty too! My only complaint, and the reason for 4 stars is that the straps can't be adjusted very much. Right now as it is I'm at maximum shortening of the straps, so as I wear it and it stretches I can see some adjustments in my future. Nothing my sewing machine can't fix though. All in all I'd recommend to someone like me whose been searching for a comfortable yet pretty bra for their girls (I'm 32GG)."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "My oldest daughter, who is now 5 years old, got one of these purses a couple of years ago from my mother.  Out of all of the toys that my daughters have, this is the one that they would fight over the most, so for my youngest daughter's 3rd birthday I got her her very own \"First Purse\".  They both love playing with all of the included accessories, and often throw in a few additional items of their own.  The purses and accessories are all very durable, in fact, I had to put my daughters' initials on everything because I really can't tell the difference between the new items, and the items that we've had for a couple of years already.  Out of all of the little purses that I've looked at online and everywhere else, I definitely feel like this is the cutest and best deal out there."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I purchased these on a gold box whim.  They are larger than I expected, and the rose color is not really discernible.  They look yellow gold to me.Yes, I'll probably keep them and no, I wouldn't recommend them to others.  They are much too large for second ear piercings.  They aren't the style I usually wear.  So far, the backs have securely held them in each ear and the posts are reasonable diameter.  They appear to be adequately made, but don't really look like high quality earrings."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I just recently received my waist cincher (medium) it's the first corset-like product that I will be using after gaining some weight and being limited as to what I can do as far as Exercise goes which is almost non-existent. This garment is made with great quality. I hear the customer service is Excellent which is very important and most people say these undergarments are Better than Spanx! Also some people said not to go by the chart well I looked at it and was between numbers so I went with the higher NO. I don't know if I should have done that or not so I have a Black Medium. From what I can tell it holds you in well and I really like it a lot, I now know where to go for these type of products and Highly Recommend!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Function is more important that looks or cush for large women who run.  And this is the only running bra that works.  It has the least  bounce of any running bra, regardless of price.  Enell figured out that ANY elastic promotes bounce.UUUUGLY!  Squished cleavage pokes out of the top of a size 3 (but the size 4 isn't tight enough for 40DD). Huge seams show under your tank top.  Uglier than dirt. So what?  This uni-boob from hell prevents the pain and the DOWN-side of gravity--for your future figure.Okay, Enell:  you can improve it with a wider placket shield, since the hooks can touch and irritate skin.  And maybe one day you can cush it up a bit...In the mean time, strap them girls down and hit the trail."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought these for my husband who was frustrated with his cotton boxer briefs during long runs and workouts. He reported that these wick moisture very well and is extremely happy. We wash these with our dry fit clothes using penguin wash and hang dry them so that they hold up longer. They truly do dry quickly, so I'm sure they will be fantstic for travelling. They appear to be made very well - quality product. I'll update this again if we find otherwise. He has 4 pairs, so we'll see. Also, these do appear to run true to size."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Great sandal. I got to replace some aqua socks I've had for years that fell apart while at a water park.  These are super comfortable and can easily be work with the heel strap on or off. Look kinda clunky, but that's the idea.  Love the toe protection, which has saved me many times. I would definitely get again.UPDATE 5/14/13 - Just came back from Maui and these were awesome. Really helpful to have on at the hot beaches and able to navigate the lava rocks.  No separated toe injury from \"sandal syndrome\" either.  These were my go to shoe for the trip and best comfort. Highly recommend!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I keep buying both the low profile and high top versions for my son as he grows, and he loves them. The shoe fits nice, has a good flexible sole for running on both pavement and grass, so for a toddler, that is a plus. Also, he can wear them all day, and is comfortable. I think the fabric is good for developing feet that need to stretch, but still give enough support. He likes these way better than the Saucony's I bought him, which seemed to never break in, and were a bear to put on."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love these shoes for work but they are a bit pricey.  I bought a pair in black and navy - bye-bye $135 plus tax.I wish they came in a brown but the nearest they have is taupe or bronze and they are rarely available in my size... 9W.  The \"bronze\" has been unavailable in my size almost a year.They are fairly true to size but still take a bit of wear before they are comfortable.They tend to pinch on the toes and I've had to treat several painful blisters as a result.I like the arch support and the small heel.The only drawback apart from the price is that the lining comes loose very quickly and then slides around inside the shoe which is uncomfortable and annoying."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I ordered this slip using Amazon Prime 2 day free shipping and received it one day early.  The package was in excellent shape. I am very happy with Amazon Prime delivery.The slip was exactly what I wanted the nylon material feels very good next to my skin and the lace adds a very nice touch to this slip.  The fit is excellent and the length was just what I expected.  I will be ordering more of these in different lengths and also in black.  I wish there were more color options than just black and white.  I have purchased other Vanity Fair slips and have not been disappointed with any of them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "The picture of the watch makes it look big with a very wide band. I was hesitant to order it because I thought it wouldn't look like a women's watch.When it arrived I was pleased to see that the band is less than an inch wide at the largest end. The watch is a beauty in that the numbers have bright (very small) silver arrows that point to the numbers. I like this feature because it only takes a quick glance to read the time. The face is fairly easy to read but really shines when Indiglow button is pushed the face then becomes a pretty shade of aqua and is a fairly bright light.While this a &#34;casual&#34; wear watch I like the fact that the matte black surround doesn't clash with rings and wrist jewelry.It light-weight and comfortable. I would buy this again."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I gave this to my fiance as a birthday present, i love Cahartt and i have other products from them. We live in Boston, so the jacket is very warm and fits its purpose, the only problem is that is very, very big, i think i got him the medium one and it fits like a large one, it's very bulky too, but as i said, if you are looking for something warm, go for this one but maybe a size less.Nice color and it's cool that it has inside pockets, at least that's what my fiance says :)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I bought these thinking 'What a nice color'. Little did I realise that the dye used for this color has a really unpleasant smell. I washed them repeatedly in my very efficient and eco-friendly Asko washer, but the smell remained. If the jeans were mixed with other laundry, the odor would contaminate the other clothes. So, they were returned to Amazon. Thankfully, they accepted them.(This, in many years of online purchase, has been my only return).I wish I could say something better, but the truth must be told."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Dickies needs to start making these shirts in an athletic or slimmer fit. The shirts are wonderful and comfortable for working in, but the tails are too short and the excess room in the stomach area makes it both come untucked and bunch up way too much. We're required to wear these where I work, and tucked in, so the strange (boxy almost) cut makes it keep coming untucked. The bunched up look around the waist line is also very sloppy.If they made these in a slimmer athletic fit, I would but a million!"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I L-O-V-E (LOVE) these briefs.  I sometimes have a hard time finding them in department stores so was very glad to be able to buy them on the Internet.  They are comfortable.  They allow a little forgiveness when you gain a bit here and there without stretching out if you lose a bit (I wish more often).  They also wash and wear very easily and simply.  I can even throw them in the dryer.  What's not to love?  :)"}
{"label": 8, "raw": "These are, by far, the best underwear on the planet. They stretch and breathe better than anything Under Armour or Nike make. You can wash them in a sink, and they dry in a few hours. They are also very, very resistant to any odor accumulation.They are almost indestructible. I've had a couple of pairs for a few years, which I workout in every day. I stretch and squat with them, which normal cotton underwear just ripped after a couple of months. They are also more comfortable because they do stretch so easily.They're expensive, but they're worth it."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "Jockey makes the best panties, especially the tactel line. Received my first pair of the hi cut and the first thing i did was try them on to see if the stretcth, smooth, soft feel was the same as the string bikini. Dead on with size and comfort. i'm 6 feet with a 36 waist and the size 5 is my favorite. Very sexy looking and the fabric holds me in better than any panty. The support is fantastic. The only thing i would change is lower the backside 1-2 inches. With the comfort and fit of this panty,a minor complaint. I'll be buying these in every color. Love them."}
{"label": 8, "raw": "I love simple white underwear.  Easy to wash, easy to bleach to get that nice clean look.  Cotton is breathable and comfortable.  This design has the nice french cut, which means they go higher up on your thigh. I buy a new 3 pack about once a quarter.  I use the more worn pairs when I go on vacation or on a business trip, and then just throw them away instead of having to come home and wash them...:)These are not the most longest lasting underwear ever, but I sure like them right out of the package.  Which is important.  If you have to wash them for weeks before you like them, what a waste!Nothing fancy or sexy about these, but they are quality and comfortable."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Although vocalists Kym Mazelle, Victoria Wilson-James, Lamya, and Marcia Lewis perform well on their respective solos, the powerhouse performances of Caron Wheeler from the group's first album drops this recording down a few notches.With that in mind, the instrumental selections are clearly the better offerings here: \"Time (Untitled)\" and \"Courtney Blows\", are jazzy enough not to be pop and pop enough not to be jazz.That is Soul II Soul's contribution to the music industry: being something for everyone."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a masterpiece. I won't get into the Sgt. Peppers or Rubber Soul vs. Pet Sounds. I let this classic stand on its own. Brian Wilson stretched his wings on this one and the band followed. It is, at times, a little  uneven, but the music stands up. &quot;Wouldn't it be Nice&quot; and  &quot;God Only Knows&quot; are the deserved hits, but don't push aside the  other not-so-popular titles like &quot;I Just Wasn't Made for These  Times,&quot; &quot;I Know There's an Answer&quot; and probably the most  underrated Beach Boys song of all time, &quot;Caroline No.&quot; A truly  introspective album. It's deserving of the classic label. Truly a fantastic  album. The Beach Boys showed they could do more than just surf and drag."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Outkast's first album is one of those albums that you buy and keep it in constant rotation. The production was great and their flow was on point plus the guest appearances were a nice touch. Standout Tracks: MYINTROTOLETUKNOW, AINT NO THANG, SOUTHERNPLAYALISTICADILLACMUSIK, CALL OF THE WILD, PLAYERS BALL(original and reprise are cool with me), CLAIMIN TRUE, GIT UP GIT OUT, CRUMBLIN HERB,HOOTIE HOO and DEEP. Filler: Funky Ride is kind of boring but thats it. Bottom Line: Southernplayalisticadillacmusik is a highlight album of 94 easily. Songs like Aint No Thang, Player's Ball, Git Up Git Out and the title track are all songs that make this album a requirement for any rap fan's collection. Also recommended by Outkast: Atliens."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Definitely Nick Drake's most mainstream release in his all too brief discography, Bryter Layter is filled with more somber guitar lines, Nick's expressive vocals, and even drums/flutes/other instruments! Wow!Those elements are a turn off for those who like more of his raw and unpolished music, but a lot of the songs on this album are just as emotional as those on Pink Moon or 5 Leaves Left, though some of the songs can do without the overproduction.Still worthy of a listen, and of a purchase."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "White Zombie was/is one of the few 90's metal bands that I could actually listen to and enjoy. In an age of Pearl Jam and Sum 41, Rob Zombie along with Kid Rock and Metallica were pretty much the only options for 70's and 80's style music. White Zombie is super occult and sex minded with extremely racy lyrics that I cannot write here. If you want to get raucous, rawdy, and rebellious, NOTHING comes close to a good White Zombie album. Jam out to this in your car on a road trip or at a party. Zombie combines electronica, club, techno, and synth with CRUSHING metal jams. More Human than Human is just one example. Serious metal with an electronica twist! My favorite sounds ever!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Five stars because it has stood the test of time; I still listen to it, and it was a near perfect follow up to Tesla's first release.The production is way different from the Mechanical CD. Same engineers,just more $$$ to spend I'm sure,but it's more than that.The rythym guitars are much more fuller sounding, the mix just a bit more sonically filled out.This CD is one of the few from that \"era\" that still sits in my CD rack.Buy It!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This was one of the first albums I'd every purchased. From here I went on to collect most of Donovan's songs, and then later do it again. This is a fitting title, for it is a gift, still. Donovan, despite losing favor among modern poet-songwriters, is under-appreciated, in my opinion. The 22 songs on this album are among the best composed and released by Donovan. At the time this was originally released, in 1967, I found the popular Kahlil Gibran to be exceedingly compatible with thoughts and sentiments expressed by Donovan in song. Those who enjoy one should also enjoy the other."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Never has music this beautiful been made. This is a precise peice of art, and you only wish he had made 20 or so albums. IT is very bare and to the point, but it is also inspiring. On a warm Fall day, or a cool night, put this on and sit back and relax, and let the music flow over you. It's pretty amazing, and i don't know why anyone would deny that. Hope no one does. Beck's \"Sea Change,\" and THe Sundays must have been made with this album in mind. So if you like them you'll love this, or vice versa. Besides the first song it is just Nick Drake and his guitar in a very stripped down personal setting, that sounds so fresh it feels like he's in the room. If it is possible to cry over an album of music then this is the one you'll be crying over. IT is that beautiful."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Nick Drake-Pink Moon ****1/2Pink Moon is one of the most alluring albums in the history of music. Both dark and ominous and yet somehow either hits you as a incredibly hopeful piece of music or the bleakest track listing this side of Big Stars THIRD album.With songwriting so sharp and poetic it drives you nuts and encapsulates you with each listen. Acoustic guitar work to write home about combining to make a sheer classic.Pink Moon is an album for all times, moods, and most importantly all collections."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This overrated album doesn`t do much for me. I don`t really see what`s so special about it, and I believe it`s the band`s worse record. The title song is a good opener, and &quot;Karmakoma&quot; is a great moment as well, but after the third track, &quot;Three&quot;, it all goes downhill and turns into an average and bland trip-hop/ downtempo record. The last song, a cover of &quot;Light my fire&quot;, is particularly weak and just puts me away.A disappointig and souless album, &quot;Protection&quot; is alright as background music, but not much else."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is why I still listen to KRS-1 today!  If I saw this CD in the stores, I would get it.  Lots of intelligent and conscious lyrics and he doesn't hold back. I like &quot;Stop the Violence&quot; and its rumbling sound.  I still like &quot;My Philosophy&quot;, &quot;I'm Still #1&quot;, &quot;Jimmy&quot; and many others.  But I like on &quot;Illegal Business&quot; where they sample some music that I remembered hearing on Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids, Bill Cosby's show.  He mentions his friend Scott La Rock many times over the album.  This is his best effort to me. While I like his later ones, this is the best!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Sonny Rollins , considered by many to be the quintessential live performer, admittedly felt restricted in a studio. However listening to his masterpiece Saxophone Colossus it is clear that he was on this occasion  able to capture some of the energy of a live performance on vinyl. The record is a tour-du-force of Rollins musical vision and mastery of improvisational inventiveness within a melodic and harmonic form that draws the listener in chorus after chorus.Max Roach's drumming drives every track particularly the classic St Thomas. Roach and Rollins trade 4's on Blue 7 and play off of each other beautifully throughout. Tommy Flanagan's piano playing is subtle and perfectly suited to this group.This is my favorite Rollins recording other than those made with Clifford Brown and Max Roach's group."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Buddy Guy is one of the top blues guitar man.The others are Jimi Hendrix,Gary Moore,SRV... In my opinion,this cd is his best work.You must put this at cdplayer,and hear as loud as you can,so you'll be in tune with  one of the most energetic,consistent,emotional blues sets ever recorded.  Buddy's vocal tunes are sensually incendiary,with the combination of right  music choices,resulting this great album,with explosive interpretation of  Mustang Sally,and passionate in all other tracks. I really recomend this  'Dam'n right...',one of my best favorites in my collection"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This recording is an essential addition to any serious Jazz collection, capturing as it does five Jazz giants recorded together for the one and only time.Charlie Parker is on Alto Sax, Dizzy Gillespie Trumpet, Bud Powell Piano, Charles Mingus bass and Max Roach on drums. From the first number \"Perdido\" you know this something special. A medium tempo version which never stops swinging. Gillespie in particular is in fiery form on this number. On \"Salt Peanuts\" Bud Powell plays a memorable solo, which precedes a thunderous drum solo from Max Roach.The atmosphere is fantastic with the crowd applauding the musicians solos, and sometimes you can hear the musicians cajoaling each other to better performances. Considering the recordings are over fifty years old the sound is pretty good. The only reason this doesn't get five stars is because there is a newer 'complete' version of this recording.Sadly Max Roach the last surviving member of the this quintet has just died."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "During the mid-50s, Miles Davis out out a series ofQuintet which are worth gold today. I have 'em all & this one is my fav. You had Miles with his muted trumpet, Trane on tenor, Red Garland on piano, Paul Chambers-bass & the great Philly Joe Jones on drums. If you are judged by the company you keep, Miles had a gold mine here.This is \"the quinteswsential groups output from one day's marathon recording session.\" It shows the outstanding talents of Trane who was just emerging as a great tenor man.I won't discuss the name of the tunes. It's not the tune you play in the world of jazz, but what the guys do with it that matters.Thank you for reading my review, & I hope you will get this album & the other \"Miles' Quintet\" gigs, like \"Workiin', etc."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I truly dig this Album alot&more as time passes it just gets better with time.Between this Album,12play&Chocolatefactory/Loveland R.Kelly to me Has made 3 of the Most Important Albums since 1990.this Album Combines many elements that truly highlight R.Kelly as a Writer,Producer,arranger&His Vocals truly soar here.rocking it with Biggie on \"You to be Happy\" that Jam is my cut.\"thank god it's friday\" is a Knockout Jam that truly gets me hyped on the weekends.\"Dow Low nobody has to now\" with the Great Ronald Isley is a Hall of Fame Song that still is tight.\"Religious Love\" works as well.this Soulful Genius is unstoppable when He allows His Musical Strengths to direct His Flow."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Pink Moon, Nick Drake's final album before his unfortunate death, is a masterpiece. Recorded during midnight sessions on consecutive nights, Nick Drake sat in a studio with himself and producer Joe Boyd. The only thing that accompanies Drake's voice is the silent playing of his acoustic guitar (and piano on the title track, Pink Moon.) As Drake plunged deeper into depression, he expressed himself by recording the bleak Pink Moon, which stands today as one of the most underrated albums by one of the most underrated singer-songwirters in history. Recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Now, I'm not a big Coolio fan.  But I've just always liked the song &quot;Gangsta's Paradise&quot;.  Even though that's the initial reason I bought the album, there are many more good songs on it.  I like the song &quot;Ghetto Highlights&quot; almost as much as the title track.  &quot;Sumpin New(1,2,3,4)&quot; is a pretty catchy tune I used to hear at roller skate places a lot.  Those are my 3 favorite songs, but I also like the songs &quot;Kinda High, Kinda Drunk&quot; and &quot;Exercise Yo' Game&quot;.  The only reason I took off a star is because since this is an edited album, there are a couple of songs that could be good that are edited so much, it takes away from the songs."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is not one of the strongest albums Joni Mitchell has released. The are a lot of guest vocalists and they don't always match with Joni's voice or songwriting. The lyrics are ok as well as Joni's voice, but the synths sound so dated by now. Most of the songs suffer from that. There are a lot of albums who have a distinct 80's sound but this one hasn't hold up that good. I own all of Joni's albums and hate to talk bad about her but this album is not one of my favourites. There is only one song on this album that is really good, the closer A Bird That Whistles. A simple acoustic track with saxophone from Wayne Shorter. The photography on the cover is beautiful as well. So, not one of her best but she has made so many exellent albums that this one pales compared to those."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Not as good as the Getz/Gilberto album (how many albums are?) recorded two years later, but it is a very enjoyable effort by saxman Getz and guitarist Charlie Byrd. Unlike the Getz/Gilberto record, this one has no vocals. It's a short and sweet instrumental effort without a note wasted or misplaced. Desafinado (\"Out of Tune\") and Samba de Uma Nota So (\"One Note Samba\") are the standouts. The album is expensive considering the 35 minute playing time, but you will listen to it many times, trust me."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "These boys been doing they thing for what, 15 years now. I didnt know about this album until recently. I was very familiar with Ridin Dirty tho. I thought that that was there first album. Hearing this album that came out 3 years earlier impressed me even more. They laid down the groundwork for Southern hip hop that was based on Blues, Soul, and G Funk. This was back in the early 90's when Southern hip hop and West Coast were basically talking to each other both being heavily influenced off each other. These guys along with 8 ball & MJG, Triple Six, Outkast, Goodie Mobb, and the Geto Boys are the only groups that can be called Dirty South Legends."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A very pleasant album, immaculately produced, perhaps a masterpiece of British folk. The songs are nice and pleasing, very pleasant to listen to: relaxing. Drake's delicate acoustic guitar work is fine and suits the songs perfectly, augmented by fine string and wind arrangements (though they can be slightly overbearing at times), and bright splashes of piano. Drake's own lyrics are beautiful examples of understated emotional poetry. His vocals are distinctive, very English, and a good medium for communicating this poetry, especially with this musical backing. It's a nice package. Certainly a hallmark recording for anyone interested in British folk."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Man! can you belive the price? Jimmy toured on this lp. And it wasgreat! The opening song was WASTING MY TIME. Sad though thateverything he does is compared to Zeppelin:-( Three instramentals included. Robert pops in on THE ONLY ONE. Good job Bob! PRISON BLUES starts off with a wicked overdriven blues riff that just screams all the way through to the other side of your skull,man!  HUMMINGBIRD is light mix radio stuff. BLUES ANTHEM is probably the only song ever by Jimmy I dare call boring. After the FIRM (who were great!) and before COVERDALE.(also great!)  OUTRIDER stands on it's own as testament to a man &amp; his guitar, against the world!  Still cant belive the price? Should be $18.00 or more. Get it now before they get wise! Only question Jimmy,Who cut your hair,man?"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It seems to me that in 1966 Donovan was already in that special asteral plane The Beatles, Stones, Beach Boys and everyone else was seeking to be. Sunshine Superman and Mellow Yellow were but glimpses of the cosmic landscape Donovan would lay on us in A Gift From A Flower To A Garden. And if that was not enough, the addition of For Little Ones, is as near a perfect compilation of charming English childrens songs, as can be found this side of Atlantis. In a world full of tinkers, magpies, enchanted gypsies and starfish, Donovan resides as the man-child truberdour strumming his guitar and banjo as he sings us all to sleep."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "gza of the wu tang clan releases a classic hip hop album with bad ass beats courtesy of the reliable producer,rza of the wu tang.the lyrics are intelligent and complex.the album starts off with &quot;liquid swords&quot;,which has a continuous bass line and gutitar that makes it a favorite of the album.thats rza's secret,throwing in unexpected beats that make his style one of a kind in the rap scene.from guitars to piano and even bombs going off are used.as usual members of the wu tang clan guest appear making the album more enjoyable.especially on the song &quot;4th chamber&quot; where ghostface killa,rza,and killa priest get down.other great tracks are,&quot;duel of the iron mic&quot;,&quot;living in the world today&quot; and &quot;i gotcha back&quot;.an excellent album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "RU Still Down first posthumus 2pac album is my favorite one created after he died. Pacs vocals are not sped up and the production sounds like a 2pac album. I could list this whole album as the best songs but the standouts to me are RU Still Down, Hellrazor, Wonder If Heaven Got A Ghetto hip hop version, Open Fire, When I Get Free 1 and 2, Do For Love, F=== All Yall, well just forget it. Every song on here is a standout in my eyes. Pac's albums would go downhill from here."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "UGK, on their second album, finds the unstoppable riding groove that they are most known for today.  Bun B's rugged flow and menacing lyrics nicely offset Pimp C's playalistic style.  The beats are strictly playa beats that you can ride to or just chill and bob ya head to.  Never corny and always on point.  Pimp C is definitely an underated producer.  Every song bumps but the classics are `Return', It's Supposed To Bubble, I Left It Wet For You,  Feds In Town, and Front Back Side to Side.  This album, being nearly ten years old, does not have a dated sound and wouldn't sound out of wack on a mix cd of recent songs.  It would fit right in.  And that my friends is a sign of timeless classic music.  UGK - Supertight - 5 stars."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Of all their albums, including &quot;The Ultimate Collection&quot;, this debut is the one &quot;Edie Brickell&quot; cd to have. Song for song it's the best. Besides the big hit &quot;What I Am&quot; being on here, it also includes &quot;Circle&quot;, &quot;Love Like We Do&quot;, &quot;She&quot;, and the bonus track &quot;I Do&quot;. I think anyone would enjoy this, even those who normally wouldn't listen to happy hippie pop music, like myself. You can just see her spinning around in the grass singing when you listen to this. For those interested, she also has a 2003 solo release called &quot;Volcano&quot;, and she's still as cute as she sounds."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "As the album title, 12 Play, insist on sexual connotations, it is a lot more than just that. 12 Play is R. Kelly's first solo album, second overall. He makes a dedication to his mother on the sensational remake \"Sadie\". \"For You\" is a simple R&B love song of being a shoulder for someone. Robert also takes us to the earlier years of his life on \"Back To The Hood Of Things\" featuring additional flows of DeAndre Boykins & Carey Kelly. You can also hear him flow distinctly on \"Homie Lover Friend\". The weather never felt as hot as stated on \"Summer Bunnies\" out taking in some sunrays. Then as night falls upon the summer, he has something for the ladies to dance to as R. Kelly shows them how he'll \"Freak Dat Body\". As for the slow jams that invite the mood, all there's to say is good night!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Like 1984's SUDDENLY and 1986's LOVE ZONE,this album,released in February 1988,spawned four hits. They are the title track,the love ballads THE COLOR OF LOVE and HERE'S TO YOU,and the powerful-sounding GET OUTTA MY DREAMS GET INTO MY CAR. The other songs are good. I like STAND AND DELIVER also. I never saw the 1988 film starring Lou Diamond Phillips so I don't know if that song appeared in the film. The other songs are great. Billy Ocean put out a dozen hits in the five-year period in which this album and the two predecessors were released. After this album,Ocean would start slowing down recording. Two more hits followed this album,LICENSE TO CHILL and I SLEEP BETTER(IN SOMEONE ELSE'S BED) which appeared new on the GREATEST HITS album,released in 1989."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "B-Legit comes through in a major way with his second project &quot;The Hemp Museum&quot;. The CD from top to bottom is just superb from &quot;City 2 City&quot; with LeVitti, &quot;For So Long&quot;(Mike Mosley doing what he does best), &quot;Check It Out&quot;(Kurupt & E-40 adds some great lyrics on this track and Studio Ton provides a great mob beat to it), &quot;Gotta Buy Dope From Us&quot;(C-Bo & Little Bruce serves up some game on this track). I can go on & on but this is just a sample of how good this CD is. There is not one weak track on here. The Hemp Museum is in a class of it's own. Check It Out!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "elvis costello is never easy to pin down. he's a punk, a crooner, a folkie and a jazzman all at once. one thing is certain, he is a brlliant artist and a great songwriter, with a healthy pop sense. before costello branched out into other styles, his main focus on the punky side of pop. and this is his most defining moment in that era. each song on here crackles with the tight energy associated with punk, but there is too much tongue and cheek for this be hardcore. moreover, the songwriting is just too clever to ignore, further removing \"this year's model\" from the general english punk movement. elvis was always too civilized to be chaotic and angry, more of a crossed up lover than anything else. this year's model is just a brilliant album overall and should be in anyone's collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "E-40 is the head of west coast sibling clan THE CLICK. Their 1995 release &quot;Game Related&quot; is a mix of west coast twang and funky productions.&quot;Wolf Tickets&quot; opens this set. A comical set about peeps talking trash but not being about their business. The drug slang hit &quot;Hurricane&quot; and the ZAPP sampled &quot;Scandalous&quot;  were the hit singles and are definitely the catchy hits.E-40 and B-LEGIT work the drunken craze of the funky &quot;Out my body&quot;. B-LEGIT also rocked his solo joint &quot;We dont f*ck wit' dat&quot;. Sister SUGA T. gets down and dirty with her call out &quot;If i took your boyfriend&quot; (The much used PRINCE sample)Other standouts are the gangsta story &quot;Be about your paper&quot; and &quot;Hot ones echo thru the ghetto&quot;"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "R. Kelly has always been a great producer and songwriter and at least a plausible if not extraordinary singer. Though numerous legal woes have hampered his success over the past several years, he nonetheless got off to a really great start with his first album, which has a plethora of sexual undertones but still manages to sound more stylish than trashy. Contains the #1 hit \"Bump 'N Grind\" and the urban radio favorites \"Your Body's Callin'\" and \"It Seems Like You're Ready\". There is also a brilliant remix of \"Bump 'N Grind\" on the single for that song, entitled the \"Definition Of A Hotti Remix\". This was played a lot on my local radio station, and for those of you who haven't heard it, I strongly recommend. It is more blissful and sensual than the original in my opinion."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is reel good. E-40, B-Legit, D-Shot, and Suga-T put doan some dope tunes and rhimes in dis 14 track album. I would say dat track 9, (Boss Baller), is da best track on here. Track 9 is D-Shot basically rappin' by  himself and da song is pretty damn dope. Get this album if ya like hardcore  rap or any rappers from SickWidIt. If you wish to e-mail me my addy is  yuckplace@hotmail.com."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "&quot;Becoming x&quot; sounds today a bit dated,mostly because trip-hop genre was specified long ago.That is true,Sneaker pimps sound unique on &quot;Bloodsport&quot; and also on &quot;Splinter&quot; but their popular debut is not showing at all their skills.The fact is that Trip-hop was something original then and now Snekaer Pimp's on here are sounding like something between the band's like Garbage,Massive atack and Portishead.&quot;6 underground&quot;,&quot;Tesko suicide&quot;,&quot;Waterbaby&quot;,&quot;Spin spin sugar&quot; or &quot;Roll on&quot; are combinig electronic beats with some guitars and Kelli's sweet vocals (she is singing here instead of Chris Corner who plays here on guitars).but all these songs are just good.listen to it without any excitment.there are few gems here like &quot;Low place like home&quot;, &quot;Walking zero&quot; or amazing &quot;How do&quot; but all in all &quot;Becoming x&quot; is nothing more like another trip-hop album.I enjoyed their other albums a lot.this one is featuring some fine tracks but is not impressing at all."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Maybe not so much now, but when this album came out Lenny was the man! If \"5\" isn't his most popular album, this is. The title track and video was everywhere, rightly so. I like the first two albums a bit more, but this is still solid. \"Believe\" was another cool single, and I really think \"Heaven Help\" is a smooth song. No hits in the back of this album, but I still think it's almost as strong as the first half. I think the following album Circus was good too, but this was so huge it made Circus seem like it failed. Anyway, groovy album man."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "First of all, to the reviewer who said that this album has nothing on artists like Blink 182 or Good Charlotte, you should check to see if your brain is functioning.  \"Static Age\", one of the Misfits' most well known works, is pure punk pleasure from start to finish.  Glen Danzig's howling Elvis Presley/Jim Morrison-esque voice is just great to listen to as the Misfits take rock back to it's roots with simple chords and melodies combined with Danzig's toungue in cheek B-movie inspired lyrics.  Standout tracks, like the title track, \"Last Caress\", \"Return of the Fly\", \"We Are 138\", \"Teenagers From Mars\", \"Hollywood Babylon\", \"Attitude\", and \"She\" are revered classics, and proof why this band has had an overaching legacy from 1977 to the present."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Some excellent reviews of this album that cover all you need to know about the music ... so all I can do is agree! Truly, as others have noted, this was a daring, revolutionary album when it was released. Innovative production and puutting out songs that took up the whole side of an album? Insane ... and brilliant. This was a true immersion in soul magic, hot buttered, funky, and silky smooth. My only knock against this \"Anniversary\" edition is the fact that the \"Bonus\" tracks are simply two single edits of tracks already on the album. Come on, record company weasels, give us something truly special or rare! If you make us buy an album/CD we already own, at least justify another purchase with something really extra. That gripe aside, this remains a wonderful listening experience."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A clasically-styled and introverted album, Memory of Trees is a masterpiece of subtlety.  Many of the songs have an endearing shyness to them - soft piano and a lovely, quiet voice.  But within every introvert is an inferno, and Enya lets that fire explode on a couple of songs that absolutely burst with an expected raw power.If you've never heard Enya before, you might want to start with one of her more popularized works, like Watermark, just to play it safe.  But if you're already a fan, then your collection is not complete without this beautiful work of musical art."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Toni Braxton's self-titled debut CD was undoubtedly the best album ever released by LaFace Records.  Unlike most of her contemporaries, Toni Braxton is a truly soulful singer whose emotive and soul-stirring vocals breathe life and give meaning to even the most mundane material. Sultry, sensuous, romantic and classy ballads like \"Breathe Again\", \"Best Friend\", \"You Mean The World To Me\", \"Candlelight\" and \"Love Srought You Home\" were all major hits that deservedly propelled this CD to multi-platinum status and made Ms. Braxton an international superstar. L.A. Reid, Babyface and the other producers and songwriters who worked on this album gave Toni Braxton some truly first-rate songs but her stunning and ultra-elegant vocals are your real reason for buying this CD."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Although not as strong and flowing as the superb \"Saxophone Colussus\" this record still contains some very good tracks. In particular I liked the swinging songs of \"I'm an Old Cowhand\", \"Wagon Wheels\" amd \"Way Out West\" which showcase some great solos from Sonny Rollins.Bassist Ray Brown and Drummer Shelly Manne make worthy contributions with some excellent solos of their own in the rhythm section but feel a little dissapointed with the absence of piano or guitar. When listening to all the songs it sometimes feels in my opinion as if there is something missing eventhough Sonny's playing is mostly wonderful."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Very few albums out at the moment are so good that you can listen to it from start to finish. Although this is far more mellow and laid-back than just about all of Kelly's other albums, the consistant quality of the songs make this a treat to the ears.Kelly has said that it was around this time that he discovered God. God really must have inspired him, as it is far greater than his previous work (although 12 Play is a classic).Just about the best ballad Kelly ever wrote (&quot;I Can't Sleep Baby (If I) is probably the best song on the album, followed closely by the mid tempo &quot;Thank God It's Friday&quot;. The multi-octave style of Marvin Gaye can be seen used here. It is a pity Kelly doesn't use it anymore.If you are just getting into his work and are not going for the more hardcore elements of &quot;Best of Both Worlds&quot;, get this album as it will really open the door to what tis guy is trying to say."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The mix sounds a little different for this edition -- which is something I haven't quite made up my mind about just yet -- but the real find here are the rare tracks found on the bonus disc, which range from brilliant (an early, more vemonous take of \"You Little Fool\"; a completely altered \"Little Savage\"), to weird-but-enlightening (\"The Land of Give and Take\"; rough, early run-throughs of \"Man Out of Time\").  All things considered, this is essential listening for the Costellophile and a great way to kill a few hours.  Or years."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I have been listening to rap for a long time and no one can compete with Too $hort.  His Oaktown style is like no other.  When I listen to this record I am brought back to a certain time period inn a place the only Too $hort can emulate.  Too $hort brings classic raps of pimpin, slangin dope, and riding old school rides down the street.  It is the representation of an era that canont be reprodiced, the early 90's.  \"No Love From Oakland\" stands out showing the real Oaktown funky Ant Banks beats.  \"Something to Ride To\" features the Dangerous Crew and is one of my favorite tracks, with 11+ minutes of staight Oakland Ant Banks funkn beat, it just lets me smoke and ride on the city steets all day. COP IT IF U A PLAYER."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Apparently, a lot of modern young musicians have looked to Nick Drake for inspiration. That sense of despair, that sense of loneliness, irrelevance, that kind of thing... Maybe that's one reason why they walk around like tramps, loud-mouthed and stupid. The search for individuality has surely drifted into the hands of ignorant swine.By Pink Moon stage, Nick Drake had drifted into isolation and heavy depression. But the sound of Pink Moon is not crushingly depressing nor is it tediously claustrophobic.The album has an overall quality of sound. Some bits are higher tempo and, so, more uplifting. The instrument playing is precise, like Drake's voice, carrying the listener over desolate hills and stillwater beaches. I can't really pick out the highlights because it's like taking the chicks away from the mother hen.Pink Moon is worth more than a listen. It deserves to be thought of as a beautiful, melancholic, classic on anybody's list."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Roy was a west Texan,raised amidst the blowing sand,rattlesnakes,oil rigs,and women eager to break your heart. Like Buddy Holly, it all shines in the timeless music that he made. This CD is as close to perfect as it gets,as far as come-back albums. The production is absolutely great,and while I love all his older stuff,this is in a whole other league. Music by another Good Texan--buy a copy and put it with the SRV and Buddy Holly."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Let's look at this cd for what it was: a great pop record. Sure, it was completely calculated by David Geffen, head of Geffen records at the time. However, their are so few superstar bands that this one, along with Blind  Faith, holds up over time. I was just 10 years old when I got this cd, and  it sounds dated now, but it brings back good memories. I have since become  an ardent Yes, ELP, King Crimson, Buggles, Genesis and Rush fan. Asia was  just a fun ride, nothing meant to be taken seriously. However, of all their  albums I do believe their first was their best. It's a good cd for those of  us who can remember Asia at all."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "My favourite tracks on this debut album are those with a fuller instrumentation, i.e. Time Has Told Me with its beautiful electric guitar, piano and bass; Way To Blue with its melancholy mood elegantly expressed in a complex melody and sensitive string arrangement, and; Cello Song, a hypnotic love song with a magical interplay of cello, bass and congas. I also like The Thoughts Of Mary Jane and Three Hours, a brooding little number. As with all Drake's work, the overall mood is one of sadness wrapped in dreamy melodies, where the poetic lyrics take the listener to far-away places."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "overall, this is a pretty good album with a few outstanding cuts. \"Outta Here\", \"I Can't Wake Up\", and \"Mortal Thought\" are all fairly entertaining tracks that showcase KRS-One's gifted delivery and his creative flow. but the production of this record sounds dated and alot of the songs toward the end of the record are forgettable. i prefer the hardcore leanings of his BDP days rather than these semi-concious psuedo-ragga party jams. but KRS's voice is still a treat to listen to and this record is probably better than almost any other hip hop album put out in 1993."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "As I've said before, I'm not a particularly erudite jazzophile, I just appreciate a well-paced, melodic, and soulful jazz set when I hear it.  And this record is superlative.  Cannonball's LP, seemingly centered around the masterful phrasings of Miles, brings some great musicians together.  Each of them leave an indelible mark on this record, but never at the expense of the whole.  In my mind, &quot;Autumn Leaves&quot; and &quot;One for Daddy-O&quot; are the standout tracks.Along with &quot;Kind of Blue,&quot; &quot;Giant Steps,&quot; &quot;Moanin'&quot; and &quot;Time Out,&quot; (among many others), this is an essential jazz record, not because Ken Burns or anyone else says so, but because it's evident from the first listen.  Go ahead and get it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "One of the best albums of the 90s, this album had some of the most momentous crossover appeal ever. During its first couple of years it was all over black urban radio, yet it was tastefully restrained enough to have continued success on adult contemporary and soft rock radio stations to this day. \"Another Sad Love Song\", \"Breathe Again\", \"You Mean The World To Me\", \"How Many Ways\" and \"Seven Whole Days\" are among the true gems of contemporary R&B. Her next album, Secrets, had a couple of sizable hits and is generally good, if not as brilliant as this. However, after that, she was forced to declare bankruptcy, and since then, her quest to reclaim her wealth has resulted in a series of subpar albums that simply cannot touch the greatness of this one."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This cd, which richly deserved its diamond status, brought ska and No Doubt to the peak of popularity.  While the ska fever has died down, this album and band remain vital in the music scene.  This album is, for the most part, a happy affair.  Gwen Stefani is for this band what Christine McVie is for Fleetwood Mac, someone who can make bouncy songs even about depressing subjects.  Anyway, this album is fantastic.  The title track descends into a cacaphony of clashing instruments, and other tracks, such as &quot;Don't Speak,&quot; &quot;Sunday Morning,&quot; &quot;Spiderwebs,&quot; and &quot;The Climb&quot; are also spectacular.  If you don't own this album now, what are you waiting for?  Buy it, listen to it, and love it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is the third review of an irish album I write today (the others were Cranberries) and now I'm sure about that Ireland is one of the countries producing the best music in the world. And not just commercial pop-music in the Spice Girls way. Okay, I just wanted to say something about Irish  music. Now let's say something about this album. It's great. it's  beautiful. Very good, easy listened music. If you like Enya or you just  want some easy-listened relaxing music. This is the album for you to buy!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I never fail to take this album with me when visiting family on the shores of Lake Superior. I usually put it on just as I hit Hwy 17, the music mirroring the Canadian landscape as we approach those legendary shores. There are some wonderful themes here, and while they may outstay their welcome a little (the condensed live version on Exposed may be more immediately appealing), they are never less than engrossing, with Maddy Prior's contribution an inspired choice. Is it his best? Probably not (I listen to Five Miles Out and Crises more), but there is no better album of Mike's at evoking what it was meant to.ExposedMike Oldfield / Crises"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "my only contact with the music of RLJ was thru the album MAGAZINE which i found to be disappointing.Well imagine my delight when i heard this collection as it is a gem of a disc.RLJ sounds as though she was having a ball and it shows.Not one dud track.Its an album that you can stick on and leave with confidence and you will want to play over and over again.There are some really lovely tracks here HORSES with its unforgettable guitar line,the gentle reading of GERRY and the PACEMAKERS'DONT LET THE SUN CATCH YOU CRYING'and the superb RODEO GIRL.At times RLJ does indeed sound very NYROESQUE but no way would that ever be a bad thing,believe me listening to this album is a real pleasure."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I've always thought \"Imperial Bedroom\" to be Elvis' masterpiece and only recently listened to it again through headphones a la REM's \"Up\". I'd never listened to it before this way and the sound and subtle nuances are even better enjoyed this way. Elvis' songwriting on \"Imperial Bedroom\" was at it's most crisp, witty and insightful. Every track on here is a true jem...a shining jewel. Well worth the money if you spring for the gold masterdisc. Some of these songs made me cry then and still resonate now. I'm glad I saw him on the \"Imperial Bedroom\" tour and glad I have this CD!I still get a kick out of how one track bleeds into the next with assorted yelps and screams.  And the lyrics...my God...at his peak Elvis really was brilliant!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is one of the best CD's I have. But I think that they did a better job at their new album, return of saturn. Tragic Kingdom was released in 1995, and now it is 2001, so people still listen to their 6 year ago songs. NO DOUBT'S SONGS NEVER GET OLD!!!!!!THIS BAND ROCKS!!!!!!!I just keep loving their songs more and more and more,,,,and I am sure that I will still keep listening to TRAGIC KINGDOM EVEN IF I HAD IT FOR 6 YEARS NOW....  You are doing great guys....KEEP UP THE EXCELLENT WORK!!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This Billy Ocean album is still one of my favorites!  For him to follow the very successful Love Zone album with this platinum album is an understatement.  The big hits were Get Out of My Dreams, The Colour of Love, and Tear Down These Walls, but they're no contest to my favorites here. They are the grooving Gun For Hire and the rumbling Pleasure.  Some other songs I like are Soon as You're Ready, Calypso Girl, and Because of You. But Gun is still strong today with that superb horn section, the danceable rhythms and other aspects. I played that song over and over on the tape in 1988!  One of 1988's best albums to be released in at a time when 1987 songs and albums were number one hits in May, June and the summer of '88."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "love the pimps!  got this CD about two months ago, and it's rare when a day goes by that i don't listen to this gem of a recording.  the fifth track &lt;spin spin sugar&gt; was worth the price of the CD alone....the lead singer, dayton, has a sweet, cutting voice, (&quot;she must be a thelma or louise&quot;- track 6) and it perfectly compliments the dark, forboding trip-lounge/ hop music.  get this album if you dig portishead, massive attack, tricky even just a smidge...this CD is very intoxicating and you will soon find yourself addicted to the sounds of Becoming X.  grab this Sneaker Pimps debut...you will not be sorry."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I found this title on a list of 'best psychadelic rock albums' and had surprisingly never heard of it. I've always been a huge fan of Jefferson Airplane and Pink Floyd, but have never really expanded my psychadelic horizons to the lesser known bands. The album is great all the way through with an excellent variety of lyrics, instrumentation, and melodies that maintain your interst. Its feel is much the same as 'after bathing at baxers' from the airplane. If you like that album, you will definitely like this one. Any fan of the classic psychadelic bands will find this album a nice addition to his/her collection. Only thing that I didn't like about it was the bonus tracks that included many of the same tracks as the album proper and didn't really contribute anything new. Overall, any fan of psychadellic rock should have this."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Exactly 14 years on this day records stores across the country put a CD on the shelf that changed and set the tone for hip hop and music in general if you ask me.  Ridin' Dirty was that album.  Years previous before this album dropped, I argued that The Chronic was the best album front to back until this one dropped.  Not to take anything from The Chronic, but this one split it's fair share of speakers.  Pimp C himself said something to the effect that he wanted to make an album on that level and be in the zone Dr. Dre was in.I can damn near rap to this whole cd but the tracks that stand out the most to me is the following:MurderDiamonds & Wood3 in the Mornin'TouchedThat's Why I CarryHi LifeOutroSo what I plan on doing is playing this one off and on throughout this weekend as I ride through this city called Houston and pay homage to 2 of my favorite rappers; Pimp C (RIP) and Bun B."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you are only familiar with Madness' few U.S. hits (&quot;One Step Beyond&quot; &quot;Our House&quot;) this is probably the collection for you. The CD captures the basics of the sound this group put out and the influences they have had on many other bands, (Mighty Mighty Boaatones, No Doubt, Smashmouth) is evident even on this limited set. As you can read in the other reviews, this was a band that deserves a much more complete compilation. Hopefully, this CD  will make you want more Madness. If not, this is a good addition for anyone who might want to broaden their musical taste to include one of the best ska bands ever."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I bought this CD after being exposed to Nicolette's amazing vocals on Plaid's amazing \"extork\". On \"Protection\" she sings \"Three\" and \"Sly\". These songs are fine (the music's a little snoozy) but her underground solo work is generally better.  The other tracks range from dull to downright irritating.  Sounding hodgepodged, there is no common style nor theme to this album.I even bought Massive Attack's \"No Protection\"remixes hoping for better luck as well as different takes of the Nicolette tracks (so I can cut and paste my own remixes on my MD player).  Well,  her voice isn't even ON that disc, and as a whole the music was even LESS memorable.Perhaps Massive Attack, though seemingly popular, just isn't for me.  Maybe they just aren't strange and distinctive enough to suit my tastes.  ..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A blessed union of amazing vocals and outstanding studio musicians make Patti Austin's THAT SECRET PLACE a dazzling achievement.Whether it's jazz or pop, R&B; or gospel, reggae or funk, Austin impeccably delivers a true command of whatever style she tackles.  In this 1994 release, each track allows Patti to effortlessly glide through each song with her penetrating performances.She cooks on tunes like ABILITY TO SWING, a scat-infused invitation to dance , her cover of Aretha's classic ROCK STEADY and the euphoric drive of REACH.  Have fun with her reggae-flavored CAPTIVATED.  Then let your heart melt with SOMEBODY MAKE ME LAUGH, BROKEN DREAMS or the gorgeous STARS IN YOUR EYES.  The album is flawlessly produced by jazz icons Lee Ritenour and Dave Grusin.Patti has certainly deserved wider success in her career, but for those who have wisely followed her know what a treasure she is!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This band is like the Earth, Wind and Fire for the Gen-X generation: this album slams from start to finish!!! I mean, &quot;What Kind Of Man...&quot; is just the JAM!!! I also love &quot;Change Your Mind&quot;, &quot;Gettin'  It On&quot;, &quot;Let Be The One&quot;, &quot;You Don't Have To  Hurt...&quot; This band has such warm, impassioned vocals, and the tracks  are tightly arranged. Get this CD if you think that R&amp;B is dead, and  rejoice at these brothers that can bring about its rebirth. Give this band  its props and buy this CD NOW!!! Support the real!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "For the era in which I was interested, 1968-1973, this CD was great because it had every Bobby Goldsboro song that ever charted then, to my knowledge. Some really great-sounding songs, especially for singers looking for acoustic guitar songs to play solo, are &quot;The Straight Life&quot; (1968), &quot;I'm A Drifter&quot; (1969), and &quot;Summer&quot; (1973). Minor complaints: (1) I'm pretty sure this recording of &quot;I'm A Drifter&quot; fades out several seconds earlier than the original single version did. (2) A very large percentage of these songs are irritatingly trite and mawkish, especially his earlier material, even big hits like &quot;Honey&quot; and later hits like &quot;Watching Scotty Grow.&quot; I never noticed that before, but that's why I gave 4 stars instead of 5."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Cars was one of the most original bands to come out of the late 70s/early 80s, a band that helped set the yardstick for New Wave. This was their first album, coming out in 1978, and is in my humble opinion to be the best album that the band cut. Just about all of its tracks are great, and not just the hits \"Just What I Needed,\" \"My Best Friend's Girl\" and \"Good Times Roll.\"If you are a fan of New Wave music, then you will love this album. Heck, even if is just that you fondly remember the music of the late 70s/early 80s, then you will love this album, too. Do yourself a favor, and buy this album!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "DEFINETLY ONE OF THE BEST GANGSTA RAP ALBUMZ EVER-2PAC(R.I.P.) DELIVERZ THE BEST 2CD PACKED START TA FINISH W/THE TRIALS & TRIBULATIONS OF THUG LIFE-THIS IS RIGHT THERE W/DR.DRE'S \"THE CHRONIC\" & SNOOP DOGG'S \"DOGGYSTYLE\"-DEEP ON HIT POETIC LYRICS ALL THE WAY THRU THE KNOCKIN CLEAN BEATZ THAT MAKE THIS NOTHING LESS THAN A RAP MILESTONE FEAT.SNOOP DOGG,NATE DOGG,DRU DOWN,DAZ,KURUPT,REDMAN,METHOD MAN,RAPPIN 4-TAY,C-BO,DR.DRE,ROGER TROUTMAN(R.I.P.)OUTLAW IMMORTALZ,BIG SYKE,RICHIE RICH,E-40,B-LEGIT & MORE-PEEP ALL HIZ MATERIAL BECUZ 2PAC AKA MAKAVELI WAS ONE OF THE MOST GIFTED ARTISTS THE RAP GAME EVER RECIEVED"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Asia was the first band I called \"my favourite one\". Via Asia, I got to know my later and present favourite Yes.The influence of Yes shines through in this first album of the band. It is especially obvious in the  afterplay to Cutting It Fine.But this is mainly a rock album. Some  call it prog rock - who knows why - indeed, it is true that there is more  to it than just plain 1980's rock. It has a touch, it has more soul. It is  bombastic rock without even being close to hardrock. Well worth listening  to!My favourites on this debut album are Wildest Dreams, One Step  Closer, and of course the first single Heat Of The Moment."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This cd heralds a few choice cuts. They include &quot;We All Sleep  Alone&quot;, and &quot;Dangerous Times&quot;. Here Cher is moving and  dramatic. Her second two lps on Geffen were superior though, and &quot;Skin  Deep&quot; and &quot;Working Girl&quot;, are compositions that should never  have been selected. Cher has improved as a singer since this cd.Some will  love it for the hit &quot; I Found Someone&quot;, penned by Michael Bolton,  origional version by Laura Branigan. Cher cut the hit though.Not a bad  listen but Cher can be better.Chers first version of &quot;Bang Bang&quot;,  is much better in its' Sonny Bono Harold Battiste production. This one is  garish and hard."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Building The Perfect Beast was at the peak of music technology for 1984 and still sounds excellent today. Sunset Grill and Boys of Summer will live on as 80's all time rock classics. Don's lite rock is just as good as his  hard rock songs. Don always has great studio musicians backing him and has  an  all star lineup here. Danny Korchmar's guitar playing rocks throughout  the CD. David Paich and Michael Boddiker do excellent work on the  synthesizers; especially on Sunset Grill. Every song is good, if not great  on this album, plus Henley's lyrics always make his recordings worth a  listen."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Back in 1995, when I was in 7th grade, I saw these guys perform in my middle school lunch room before anyone knew who they were. They had those little pre-teen girls soaking wet. The blond haired kid hit piercingly high notes. I was completely baffled by this as I sat back and ate my cream corn and mini corn dogs. So I bought the cassette tape. Then the ladies were all talking to me. They were like, \"Hey Chad, can I listen to the B-Boys on your headphones?\" And I was like \"Ah yeah baby, come over here and sit on my lap, and we can listen to the sweat sounds of the B-Boys together.\" He he he he he. Backstreet's back, alright!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "As a music fan and review, it is always healthy to bring yourself totally out of your element. I love rock prog blues and jazz. House is a genre I know next to nothing about.When I go to get my hair cut  and  stroll in to hear BOOM BOOM BOOM, I am not to crazy about the feeling. It feels to me music very young people dance, drink and have sex to. But when I heard this Daft Punk album was top of the line dance music, I got it.And like it. The beats are there, at  ranges a non-dance music fan is not used to. But hearing the synthesizer flourishes and the funky hooks here absolutely make this music to me. I am awed by the little needles of sound and rhythm shifts that pulsate through Daft Punk's music, which makes it to me an amazing musical experience.Probably this will not be a mainstay for me, but when I need a diversion, I know where to go."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Massive Attack has paved the way for all trip-hoppers and electronica artists.  They masterfully out-do themselves on every album (with their best album therefore being Mezzanine) and with slow songs, gradual climaxes, and heavy beats, its irresistable to an electronica fan.  There is no question that the best song on the album they put first, the title track, Protection.  Its a sweet song, with tracey thorn's smooth vocals (I cant change the way you feel, but i can put my arms around you) with a great guitar riff and the classic massive attack beats, at more than 6 minutes long.  No downtempo collection is complete without at least one massive attack record- and the rest of the album is pretty good- but the whole album is worth it for just that one song."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "As others have written here, this is the album that bridges Elvis v1.0 and Declan v1.0.  Whether it's the masterpiece where black and white turns to color (i.e. The Beatles' Revolver) is often debated.  For my money, this is the best that Elvis/Dec would do for at least the next 15 years - his subsequent work, IMHO, being dabblings in this genre or that.This would have been 5 stars, but my ears are STILL bleeding from the horrible, early digital on the original release mastered on the \"CBS Discomputer.\"  Rhino has done an admirable job of de-digitizing this album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is some str8 killa from the Kingz...Bun B and Pimp C Def. Show some real talent & ability on this record....easily up there w/\"Ridin' Dirty\" & \"Too Hard to Swallow\".  These guys have some of the tightest beats and rhymes out there...10 years+ later, it's still better than most s*** out there.  My Fav tracks are \"I left it Wet for ya\", \"Underground\", \"Feds in Town\", \"It's Supposed to Bubble\",....they're all tight..Super tight...check this one out!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Back in 2005, one of my favorite artists by the name of Jaguar Wright re-made the song \"Woman To Woman\" on her album, Divorcing Neo 2 Marry Soul. I instantly fell in love with the song and I just had to hear the original. So I bought this the other day.Before listening to the album straight through, I had to cheat and listen to her version. No disrespect to Ms. Wright, but... there's just no comparison! Shirley is an amazing soul singer and she delivers the lyrics with true skill, expression and class. Why is she not more well-known?! Going through the rest of the album, I loved it just as much as the title track. I especially enjoyed \"It Ain't No Fun.\" When Shirley speaks in her songs, it really feels genuine, unscripted and exclusive. This is a great 70's soul album and I highly recommend it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I've had this album for almost 10 years now, and it is still as great as the day I got it. This is a true classic. The more you listen, the better it gets. This album is for all music lovers, not just fans of jazz. 10  years later, and Pat Metheny is still the only jazz I like. He is truly a  genius, and in a class by himself. I cannot put into words the emotions  that are brought out by listening to this album. It is some of the very  best music that is out there, and that will ever be out there. If you don't  have this album yet, you are depriving yourself of some of the best music  you will ever hear."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "DISC 1Ambiton as a Ridah-9/10All About U-9/10Skandulous-8.5/10Got My Mind Made Up-7/10How Do U Want It-10/102 Of Amerikkaz most wanted-9.5/10No More Pain-10/10 (Fav. Song On Disc 1)Heartz of Men-10/10Life Goes On-9/10Only God Can Judge me-10/10Tradin' War Stories-10/10California Love (Rmx)-10/10I Aint Mad At Cha-10/10Whatz Ya Phone #-8.5/10DISC 2Can't C Me-10/10Shorty Wanna Be A Thug-9/10Holla At Me-9.5/10Wonda why They Call u B****-9/10When We Ride-10/10Thug Passion-10/10Picture Me Rollin'-9/10Check Out Time-8/10Ratha Be Ya N.I.G.G.A.-10/10All Eyez On Me-9.5/10Run Tha Streetz-10/10 (fav song on Disc 2)Ain't Hard 2 Find-7/10Heaven Ain't Hard 2 Find-10/10Album features The Outlawz, Dre, Snoop, Red, Method, More......"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "...until you hear the entire intro to 'walk on by' you aint heard nothin!!!! how many albums do you know of that play for a full two minutes before you even hear the artists' first words?!?! and i dont care how shaky brother ike seems in his intro for 'by the time i get to phoenix' that is still some phat stuff... it might start slow, but ends tight as hell...'one woman' is good and erbody and they mama done sampled 'hypo..hippo...hypobobolistic....' TRACK #TWO!!!! (yall know what i was tryin ta say!)...but if you scurred say you scurred...."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Edie Brickell and Company recorded one hit song \"What I Am\" which burst forth from the late 1980s college rock scene onto the pop charts and became inescapable on the radio.  It's also the tune that kicks off their debut album, the appropriately titled \"Shooting Rubberbands at the Stars,\" interesting now as an occasionally catchy period piece.  Brickell could be annoying as both a singer and a songwriter, but she followed up the hit with a few other decent tunes, including \"Little Miss S\" and \"Love Like We Do.\"  Elsewhere she comes off as an underage hippie relic who would have been more at home recording twenty years earlier.Overall, \"Rubberbands\" is interesting as a one hit rock period piece from the long gone college rock era."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "People know Mystikal can rap,and that's something that makes LET'S GET READY and TARANTULA tight,but people forget before he was &quot;bouncin' back&quot; and makin' chicks &quot;shake it fast&quot;,Mystikal was tellin' people they &quot;ain't ready yet&quot;.MIND OF MYSTIKAL made people notice he wasn't a come-n-go rapper,which he prove a lot through this c.d.Every track is tight(in some cases lyrically and comically).If you heard this c.d,you know it's tight.If not,then you missin' out."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I like the Beach Boys, but I have to admit that I prefer their earlier California style hits (e.g., Fun, Fun, Fun) and I'm not a big fan of 60s music.  Nevertheless, \"Pet Sounds\" is undeniably a beautiful CD that still sounds great today.  \"Sloop John B\" and \"Wouldn't It Be Nice\" were top 10 hits in the US and \"God Only Knows\" and \"Caroline, No\" cracked the top 40, but all the songds sound great.  Brian Wilson's voice has never sounded more beautiful and the harmonies are near-perfect.  As a bonus, \"Hang on to Your Ego\" is included (it was recorded at the same time, but not released).  It's a great song and may be familiar to alt rock fans via a remake by Frank Black.  The liner notes are also terrific and include comments from Brian Wilson as well as a song by song description.  Great CD!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Mike Oldfield cautiously dips one foot into the early 80's synth-pop waters whilst still clinging to his prog-rock life raft in this interesting, if somewhat uneven offering. The inevitable 20 + minute opus is surrounded by some poppier, more conventionally structured songs. In fact, I'm sure there are millions of Hall & Oates fans blissfully unaware that the blue-eyed soul duo's top ten hit \"Family Man\" was penned by Mr. \"Tubular Bells\" himself! The title song bears more than a passing resemblance to M's seminal synthpop dance hit \"Pop Muzik\" (and may in turn have \"inspired\" 1984's \"One Night In Bangkok\".... Not a masterpiece, but a well-executed and mostly satisfying listen."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Nick Drake's second album, Bryter Layter, is the &quot;lightest&quot; sounding of the three he released during his lifetime.  While not happy by any means, there is a breezy sound that flows throughout the album that adds a lighter touch to such brooding tracks as &quot;Fly&quot;, &quot;Poor Boy&quot; and the two &quot;Hazy Jane&quot; songs.  The standout track on the album is the incredible &quot;At The Chime Of A City Clock&quot; which digs at the depths of the man and he confessionally lays his thoughts on the table.  Another striking album from the troubled yet talented singer."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Much has already been written about this masterpiece, one of the greatest LPs in the history of pop/rock. Two things about it, in particular, that I appreciate: one is that it demonstrates what imaginative studio production can be capable of - so many records today, by contrast, are overproduced, or simply badly produced, that they sound immediately stale; this, by contrast, sounds as fresh as the day it came out. The other thing about Pet Sounds that I love is that it, while not &quot;soul&quot; music per se, is a record with much personality and soul, and shows the value of introspection when one is a musical genius like Brian Wilson, the man who is mostly responsible for this."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I genuinly agree with the 5 stars given to all the editions of this MARVELOUS albums (one of my favorite modern jazz albums I've heard so far)...I would just like to add that I agree with those who are of opinion that Miles, although officially the sideman on the Cannonball date, is actually the main star, with the glorious rhythm section contributing at least as much (if not more) than the official leader...Don't get me wrong, Cannonball is great, but it is the lyrical trumpet of Miles Davis that galvanizes and organizes the group (\"Autumn Leaves\"!), and even on the funkier performances of the album Miles is equal to the funky Cannonball, with the Joneses and Blakey working beautifully together...."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "For sheer joy and energy, this is Sinatra at his apex.  Every song is excellent, with crystal-clear sound, brassy horns, top-notch Nelson Riddle arranging, and Sinatra at his vocal best.  This album is often listed as one of the top 100 albums in any genre ever made, in often eclectic lists including everything from the Beatles to Nirvana to Miles Davis, John Coltrane, and the Beach Boys.  And though it's hard to narrow it down to one album, this is in my opinion Sinatra's best.  The songs are upbeat, and there is no way one can listen to this album without feeling better about life.I have this on both CD and vinyl.  The sound quality on the CD is clear and sharp."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "so far, my fave tracks:1)Duck Down(sick,wicked drum beat.)2)Like a throttle(club banger. how could you not dance to this one ?)3)We In There- good loop.4)Build And Destroy- This song gives a black eye to The Poor Righteous Teachers AND X-Clan.(\"Too many teachers in the class spoil the school.After awhile you got blabberin' F***in fools.\")(\"What are you doing for yourself, Black Man,tryin' hard to be the original man? who?the first man with the first tan on the first land with the first clan?WHO GIVES A D*** ?!\")Sucker,Wack Or Booty M.C.'s Need NOT apply. Krs-One made that abundantly clear on this album.(\"I don't battle to win or lose i battle to ruin your whole career.\")old-school hip-hop with a message as well...what more can my ears ask for ? :D"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I just love Tragic Kingdom it has to be the best No Doubt album to date. It has four great singles Spiderweb, Just A Girl, Sunday Morning, and Don't Speak. This has to be the best album of the 90's and of '95 if you ask me. The whole album is a true rock album so don't think twice about getting this album because you might just miss out on a great thing. If you are looking for a great rock album it has to be No Doubt's Tragic Kingdom. Put this one in your collection today or you might miss out on a real true rock album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you aren't familiar with the band they consist of a piano/lead singer (who's name is Ben Folds), a bass, and drums.  They have a very unique sound, and they all came out of heavy metal bands (weird, huh).  This album gives me the feeling that this is the real, raw Ben Folds.  Before the crazy success of &quot;Whatever and Ever Amen&quot; due to the song &quot;Brick&quot;.  My favorites on this CD are &quot;Jackson Cannery&quot;, &quot;Alice Childress&quot;, &quot;Underground&quot;, and &quot;Boxing&quot;.  If you bought Whatever and Ever Amen I highly recomend you experience this side of Ben Folds Five, and if you are just looking for a great album with a fresh sound, this is it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I am a big Pat Metheny fan and have most of his work on CD. I am also a very picky musician when it comes to recording quality.Even if you already own this title, it is definitely worth purchasing again. The dynamics are new and wonderful! I estimate an increase in \"Gain or Loudness\" to be about 25%...even more improvement on quiet, pensive tracks such as Letter from Home or Vidalia. The balance is maintained and not overly compressed.The reappearance of the stand-up bass and the dynamic sweetening of Pedro Aznar's vocal stylings is what you'll notice right away. Turn up your subwoofer a little bit and enjoy Steve Rodby's masterful upright bass. The remaster also makes Pat's adventures to the higher guitar octaves more smooth and less screechy than the older pressings.Ear candy at it's best! Get It!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "You Gotta Sin To Get Saved is a good album from former Lone Justice leader Maria McKee. She's a \"real\" musician and songwriter, not a record company product. She could sing the phone book and I'd listen to that voice. I like this solo release about a smuch as the first LJ album but not as much as Shelter. I'm not sure where this release falls in her solo career, if it was her 2nd, 3rd, 4th solo album...It's good music. If you like talented female musicians on the mellow side, this is a good CD. Sort of in the style of 10,000 Maniacs but better than Natalie Merchant.Standout track: I'm Gonna Soothe You"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I have been a krs-one fan for a LONG time, and would have to say this is his best album.  Sound Of Da Police is completely off the hook, the lyrics are some of the best you'll come across.  Krs is one of the greatest rappers ever, and this album is a timeless underground classic.  This is REAL hip-hop, dont support what we hear on the radio these days, its all crap, listen to legends like krs-one and rakim.  Other good tracks are KRS-One Attacks and Return Of Da Boombap.Beats - 10/10Lyrics - 10/10Production - 10/10Originality - 10/10Final Note - 5 Mic Classic, one that all true rap/hip-hop fans have.  Classic album, one of the best of our time."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Costello fans will likely brand me a heretic, but 'Bedroom' seems to me to be one of his more overrated recordings. 'Beyond Belief' and 'Man Out of Time' certainly rate consideration in a 'Best of' compilation. 'Long Honeymoon', 'Human Hands' and 'Every Home' are somewhat interesting. However, beyond that I find little that's especially compelling here.There are treats on the bonus disc that I enjoy more than much of the original 'Bedroom' recordings, thanks in part to Steve Nieve's scorching work on the ivories. In fact, the alternative version of 'The Town Where Time Stood Still' and the toe-tap inducing \"From Head to Toe\" merit inclusion on my desert-island list of Elvis favorites."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I have always been a fan of Scarface since his first album. His aggressive stlye of rapping plus the social commentary puts him above the average rapper from the south. This second album has a lot of gems in it which are COMIN AGG, THE WALL, LETTIN EM KNOW, LET ME ROLL, YOU DONT HEAR ME DOE, DYING WITH YOUR BOOTS ON, NOW IF FEEL YA(deep old school classic), MR SCARFACE PART 3 FINAL CHAPTHER, HE'S DEAD and IM BLACK(deep record about police brutality). Filler: Still that n***a, Strictly For The Funk Lovers(stupid filler wher they pretty much say doodoochaser all over the record) and Funky Lil N***a(the little boy so wack its sidesplitting hilarious. Bottom Line: The World Is Yours is a classic that is that any Scarface fan will enjoy. Scarface's raps are still on point, the production was solid and he gave you a little insight on certain tracks. A definite must-have!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I've had this CD a long time and it's still very enjoyable especially when you're in the right mood. My favorite songs are mostly the kind of wistful ballads where Alison's voice works great. My favorite songs here are \"I've Got That Old Feeling\", \"I Wish I Still Had You\", \"Winter of a Broken Heart\", \"It's Over\", \"Steel Rails\", \"That Makes One of Us\". Well that's half the album right there, and the other songs are good too. The production isn't as clear as more recent stuff, but the musicians are top notch. In the end some albums stick with you more than others, and this one stands out as a keeper."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Vallejo CA sound was started in my memory by The Click. They combine tales of slangin' rock with beats that sound like \"Cutie Pie\" or \"Computer Love\". It is straight West Coast but even Eastern rebels can groove to cuts like Bumble, Hillside, and Its All Bad. This is something different, because 40 has a way with the English language that has never been done before this. Hiphop is lacking innovators and E-40 is the definition of the word, Love him or Hate on him."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Some say its the best Wu individual release. I say it is the best. Some still don't know about this album. Those naysayers that don't think this is one of the best cd's of all times.. well it was a tape when I was coming up. I am sure they are a fan of and a believer that Lil Flip LL or 50 or somebody like that is the greatest of all time. You know they believe in some false profit like that. Please put the flying guillotines away and know that some people are still analog. We Wu heads are too digital. In the words of Bobby Digital..That reminds me I need to write a review for that too. It gets no better than the first releases for the Wu."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Yeah, sure, ODB has the most personality, and Method Man gets all the ladies, but when it comes to raw MCing and keeping faithful to the true elements of hip-hop, the GZA is unparalleled. This is the best Wu-Tang solo  album, bar none. It has the darkest overtones, RZA's production is deeper  than it had ever previously been (and never will be again, as far as I'm  concerned), and GZA's lyrics just knocked me out of my chair. It was chock  full of metaphors galore, technicolor ghetto tales, and anyone who says  &quot;Labels&quot; was less than brilliant needs a speedknot upside the  head. This is a beautiful piece of hardcore real hip-hop, and it deserves  to be in any collection. It's just a shame that he had to follow it up with  &quot;Beneath the Surface...&quot;"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "On a shopping spree, I bought this one, speak no evil and maiden voyage. Well, after listening to all three, this one just stay in my cd player. Some of the best music ever recorded in any kind of music. Beware: it was recorded by Mingus on a portable equipment. The sound quality is not for this age of 2000 bit digitally remastered. Sometimes the players are recorded at differnet volumes throughout the album. But dont let that prevent you from listening to this amazing, work of art. If No Parker, no Miles, no Coltrane, no Mingus, etc."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "&quot;Ultra&quot; is the difficult album that Depeche Mode made after the drug-addiction period that lead singer Dave Gahan went through and the absence of former band member Alan Wilder. Despite the changes that the band suffered, this is still a great return and a very worthwile record, focusing the group in an exciting creative moment.&quot;Ultra&quot; has a dark, contemplative, nocturne feel to it, presenting deep and complex songs that may take awhile to get into. Gahan`s vocals are better than ever, the electronic elements are contemporany without being too edgy and are not used in a way that makes them the dominant component of the songs. Most of the moments here are obscure and atmospheric ballads with powerful, creative songwriting and mature lyrics. The singles &quot;Home&quot;, &quot;Barrel of a Gun&quot; and &quot;Useless&quot; are three of the best pieces of the album, an example of the band`s strenght and genious. All in all, this is one of Depeche Mode`s best records, and that is saying a lot. Impressive and addictive."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Albert Collins and Johnny Copeland were two of the pioneers of Texas blues, and major influences to the late Stevie Ray Vaughan. These two guys work their magic on this CD, and bring on a young bluesman named Robert Cray. These guys just seem to have fun with this CD, never trying to outdo each other. Great riffs in the leadoff track &quot;T-Bone Shuffle&quot;, harmonica on &quot;Bring Your Fine Self Home&quot;, lyrics in &quot;Black Cat Bone&quot; (hear Johnny Copeland yelling &quot;Hey Albert!&quot;) and the last track &quot;Blackjack&quot; where each does a tremendous guitar solo. Cray, of course, is now a major talent in his own right, and Johnny Copeland lives on in a way in his daughter Shemekia Copeland's music, but here is a playful, low-key yet powerful, piece of work from some of the masters of electric blues. Highly recommended for serious blues fans."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is the album that kicked off the bossa nova craze in the US over 40 years ago.  In the hands of lesser musicians this style could degenerate into lightweight cocktail music, but not here.  Stan Getz's feathery, soft saxophone playing weaves beautiful melodies over the swaying, dancing Brazilian rhythms.  Charlie Byrd's is terrific on the acoustic guitar and the tunes will get stuck in your head after 3 spins or less.  The only possible complaint is the short playing time -- a mere 35 minutes.This recording isn't as well-known as Getz/Gilberto but is just as essential.  If you like Getz's playing, be sure to get some of his other, non-bossa-nova recordings as well.  (One more caveat: those looking for more vocals by Astrud or Joao Gilberto will be disappointed -- this CD is entirely instrumental.)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you love R&amp;B, then this is your first must-have disc. 12Play is the CD that put R. Kelly on the map, and rightfully so. This is a classic  R&amp;B disc, and could've been with only five songs on it. Your Body's  Callin, Bump N Grind, It Seems Like You're Ready, Sex Me(I&amp;II), and  12Play simply define this disc. It Seems Like You're Ready was an instant  R&amp;B classic and is still being played on the radio today. Everyone has  to love Sex Me just for it's production if nothing else. I won't tell too  much. I'll let the customer experience it for themselves. Those who have  the album know what I mean, and those who don't should be on their way to  the record store right now. Definitely buy 12Play!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Undeniably the Beach Boys masterpiece. This is an album that has transcended the years and will still be played and enjoyed hundreds of years from now. Brian Wilson, inspired by The Beatles &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; album, set to work, along with some help from Tony Asher to create one of the most amazing pop records ever made. The digital remastering is excellent,...these songs sound wonderful. And the 24 page book is great. Includes notes by Brian Wilson, loads of photos, track-by-track notes, and a 6 page essay by David Leaf on The Beach Boys and the making of this album. My version has 3 bonus tracks &quot;Unreleased Backgrounds&quot;, &quot;Hang on to Your Ego&quot; and &quot;Trombone Dixie&quot;. This album belongs in all good music collections."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Chet Baker - Sings...It Could Happen To You. 180g vinylEvery trumpet player is really a singer...they just sing thru their instrument but on &#34;It Could Happen To You&#34; Chet actually uses his voice!This album is way too cool and relaxed.......lounge meets cool jazz !  On this album Chet picked 10 standards of the day and used his voice as a trumpet!  But there are no &#34;Bla Bla's or nonsense syllables here just Chets soft voice singing as if he was playing trumpet  ."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "of course it is..you know that.my first exposure to a nick drake songwas sebadoh's cover of pink moonback in the 90's.for whatever reason i didnt really listen to nick himselfuntil 2007 when i was working at night by myselflistening to a playlist of hundreds of songs made by other coworkers,and this record came on the speakers.i think id always known id get it eventually.i think i had to grow up alot to really get it.now i feel i do more and more.a short perfect quiet melancholy record.very little going on, nothing but what's absolutely necessary.anyway, get it if you love music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "When this was was released, my friend loaned me a copy. During a get together, someone said that the album's \"all trash!\" But another giggled and admitted that he liked it. So it became the well loved trashy dance album of the 80s, giving Madonna and Janet Jackson a run in the pop dance market.The songs are very groovy. Besides the No 1s like Straight Up, Forever Your Girl, Opposites Attract and Cold Hearted, I especially like Knocked Out and I Need You. My only beef with this is that they did not put in the version of Cold Hearted which had Paula rapping.Many of of us ended up getting the accompanying VHS too to learn to dance like Paula."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This CD is definetely a must own for any Misfits fan/fiend/whatever. Released in 1997, this CD features classics such as \"Dig Up Her Bones\", \"Mars Attacks\", \"Shining\", and \"Black Light\". Okay, so Michale Graves' can't sing as well as Danzig. But, hey. Not many Punk vocalists can sing better than Danzig. Michale's aggressive howls and cries sound well blended in with sharply-tuned guitars and bass. The drums are also decent. Pick this one up along with Famous Monsters."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is my 2nd time out for Baez's second album.  I'm a big fan of the first album and of her contemporary Carolyn Hester but I'd forgotten that I traded this one in years ago.  The arrangements are dull and pedestrian and it's amazing how irritating Joan's voice can be when the material (or it just the arrangements) are so weak.I'm a folk fan, Dylan, Carolyn Hester, Peter, Paul and Mary, the Weavers, Journeymen, Roger McGuinn, Fairport, Kingston Trio, and Ian and Sylvia are special favorites.  So, it's not so easy for me to dislike a straight-ahead folk album like this one.  However, I found Joan Baez's 2nd album a very difficult listen the 2nd time out.It's back in the trade-in pile (for the 2nd time!)."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I had this on cassette back in '89. It was da soundtrack of my life back in da fall of 1990. cruising listenin to songs like the title track, i will not go quietly (with guest vocals by Axl Rose), Last Worthless Evening, and another minor FM hit, If Dirt Were Dollars, which i thought was da bomb back in da summer/fall of '89. I remember the duet with Patti Smyth from Scandal (darn, it was only '89 and she was already a has been -lol_). Get this again if yer in da mood for nostagia, personally, i don't think i'd go as far as getting this album, there's some turd filler on here that sounds like the era it was recorded in, maybe download I Will Not Go Quietly and If Dirt Were Dollars, which were IMO, the best ones on there, and maybe dats just da nostalgia talkn."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Probably my favourite Sinatra's album. Released in 1956. Arrangements are done by Nelson Riddle and songs are fabulous. Here you can hear such great songs like on of his biggest hit, Cole Porter's I've Got You Under My Skin, Gershwin brothers' Love Is Here To Stay,...Pennies From Heaven was a big hit for Louis Prima, Anything Goes (another Porter's composition) for Ella Fitzgerald,...This is one of his best albums (and not only for Capitol Records).So, lay down and enjoy this fabulous set."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "R. Kelly's 1995 self titled album is a classic R&B album. It's an album that all music fans must have. R.kelly is the best R&B artist ever. he released of 7 albums, each one I would give a 5 star rating, and who ever wouldn't, is crazy. But this is his album I would consider his best album. It has 16 of his greatest tracks ever, including his classic hit \"Down Low\" and other great songs like \"Thank God It's Friday\" and \"Hump Bounce\" Cop this album, you can't have a music collection without it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I've been wanting this album and I finally got it! I understand that too short says inappropriate lyrics in this record, but this is for entertainment for grown ups, not appropriate for kids though. When I first heard the single Freaky Tales in appearance in the movie The Wood, I was hit when I heard that song. It appears when the blood gang are crushing and smoking. I wanted to know who was the artist to the song and I finally found out and I wanted to get this album and I finally got!Warning: Not Appropriate For Kids!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I never thought Enya would reach the sublime heights of Evacuee or Marble Halls from 'Shepherd Moons.' 'The Celts, Watermark and Day...' were all pleasant and admirable throughout, but are less ambitious both lyrically and musically. But Hope Has a Place from 'Memory...' reaches those heights and beyond. It is Enya at her most inspirational and comforting. I'm actually glad that this song didn't get overexposed the way Only Time did. It makes it that much more special to all who own this album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "After thirteen years in the music business,Toni Braxton is an R&B legend. On her debut album,this one,Braxton pleases her fans with ANOTHER SAD SONG,which \"hips and hops\". It \"says so much\" like a similarly entitled Elton John composition and recording. BREATHE AGAIN is very smooth R&B and so is YOU MEAN THE WORLD TO ME. Some of these songs were written by Diane Warren who wrote hits for Michael Bolton. Braxton's rise to fame led to a duet recording with ex-Doobie Brother Michael McDonald for his MOTOWN 2 album,released last year. The other songs are great. There is a short reprise of BA,which is Track 12 of this CD. Braxton also caught the attention of Kenneth \"Babyface\" Edmonds and Antonio \"L.A.\" Reid who served as producers and session musicians for this album. Currently,Reid is president of Arista Records who also produced music for Avril LaVigne."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This would probably be a desert island top five album for me. It can literaly put you in a trance. I have not heard another album like this ever. They call it \"trip-hop\" but it's pretty much extremely well written dance-house music with a one of a kind vocalist. I fell in love with Kelli Deyton just from listening to this album one time. She has a very young and innocent sounding voice but at the same time she's singing these brilliant, sophisticated, troubled, and hurt lyrics, It makes for a VERY sexy sound. This is one of those albums that I never get tired of no matter how many times I listen to it. Chris Corner's song writting and Kelli Deyton's voice truly make for a one of a kind sound. If I had to compare them to one other band I would probably say Portishead but the Sneaker pimps are much, much better!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a live concert recording, so be prepared for clapping and an enthusiastic reception by the concert crowds. It is quintessential early Joan Baez, simply strumming her guitar and singing folk songs that she loves. It was recorded at various concerts during her tours in August 1962 and October/November 1963.Her clear, sweet soprano is exquisite, and her choice of these thirteen  folk songs  should satisfy the most ardent purists. Truly, hers is the voice of an angel. For those of us who grew up with  the music of Joan Baez, this recording is a glorious trip down memory lane.The quality of this cd is what one may expect from such an early, live recording, as it suffers from an occasional lack of clarity and from a slight variance in volume from song to song.  Still, this is a cd that all devoted fans of Ms. Baez will want to include in their collection, if only for her wistful rendition of  \"What Have They Done To the Rain\"."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Up until \"Tragic Kingdom\", Ska/Pop type music was unheard of in the mainstream.  After the release of the song \"Just a Girl\", all of that changed.  It opened the floodgates for a wide variety of bands with horns.Back around 1995, when this album was released was when I actually liked Gwen Stefani.  Her voice was excellent (has gone downhill since), and she just had an attractive energy about her.  She was the single reason why No Doubt surfaced on the scene.This album, Tragic Kingdom, was a masterpiece.  I can listen all the way through, without skipping a song.  Standout songs are, \"Just a Girl\", \"Spiderwebs\", \"Sunday Morning\", \"Don't Speak\", \"Happy Now\", and \"Different People\".A must have!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "For all you Costello completists out there, DO NOT toss your Rykodisc copy once you get this new Rhino version.  There are two \"Live in Aberdeen\" tracks on the Ryko pressing that did not get carried over onto the new one.As for the record itself, when I first bought the vinyl 20+ years ago, I knew very few of the songs and had none of the original versions.  Now I have almost all of them, as well as a deep appreciation for country music.  I have Elvis and my wife to thank for that!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Self is one of the most innovative pop-rock bands of the 90's and it's a damn shame to see Mike never broke out into the mainstream.  Subliminal Plastic Motives, while not his best album (that goes to Gizmodgery which was made only using toy instruments), it's probably the best for a new fan to get.Musically the album contains everything from Power pop and jazz to hip hop influenced beats and Nirvana guitar progressions.  The way Mike uses each instrument is amazing, I especially love how he uses keyboards and pianos.  Plus vocally he's killer, very warm and inviting.  Some of my favorite tracks off the album are the single So Low, Borateen, Big Important Nothing (which features amazing jazzy keyboards), and Cannon."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "a detailed drawing of a huge heart of stone, Cher sitting next to it(with big hair)and from a distance...it all looked like a skull! Some used-CD's stores may have one festering in their bargain bins(I found it on cassette). The music doesn't reflect that original cover(may be why they changed it): it's power pop, heavy on lovelorn ballads. Very entertaining, but not exactly varied, colorful or substantial. Probably the best Cher from this period however, as &quot;Cher&quot;(with &quot;I Found Someone&quot;)and &quot;Love Hurts&quot; were slim on the hits. B+"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is the teacher's self-titled album contains more lessons, and upliftment for African-Americans.  DJ Premier's production on \"Rappaz R. N. Dainja\" and \"MC's Act Like They Don't Know\" was are great East Coast hip-hop feel displaying Krs' lyricisim.  \"Ah-Yeah\" displays his consciousness of scociety's problems.  As automatic as his flow on \"De Automatic\"  featuring Fat Joe.  \"...stack some money for a video, I don't have any. You're looking at the last emcee with true talent...\" he put it into perspective with \"Build Ya Skillz\".  This release is a presentation of plain hip-hop.  Nothing commercial just \"R.E.A.L.I.T.Y.\" through the eyes of Bronx own Krs-One."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I'll weigh in on the Rollins vs. Coltrane issue.  When I first discovered jazz 30 years ago I fell under the Coltrane spell.  I couldn't get enough of him, wore out two copies of Live at the Village Vanguard.  As I got older I began to prefer the clarity of ideas, mastery of rhythm and melodic storytelling of the great Sonny Rollins.  Now there is no contest.  I agree with those who believe that Sonny is the greatest improviser of the last 50 years, or more.  Every cut on Saxophone Colossus is a jewel.  Blue 7 was famously analyzed by musicologist Gunther Schuller as a model of almost architectural structure in improvised music.  I prefer to think of it as melodic storytelling.  Nobody does it better than Sonny Rollins.  This record is one of the finest in jazz, in 1956, now or 100 years from now."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Have you seen that Volkswagon commercial where those college looking co-eds look like their going on a road trip at night, and then lay on the roof of their car and look up at the stars. Well if you have, you probably did , or didn't now that Nick Drake's 'Pink Moon' was playing in the background. 'Pink Moon' was Drake's last album; originally forgotten by  mainstream music fans, is now a testament to what a true artist is.You could listen to this recording 1000 times in a row and not get tired of it, and probably hear something different everytime. The album itself is a melancholy, moody, sort of naive triumph.Although Drake's premature death of an overdose of antidepressants took down a genius in his prime, we still have his great recordings; such as 'Pink Moon', and just wonder, what if."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "How bad is this. During the late 80s the whole big hair thing and ballad thing was the new and everyone loved it. Whitesnake compared too great bands of that era(metallica or guns n roses), is nothing compared too them. Sure they wrote Here I Go Again but all that is is just another power ballad that was so over used that era. Every single song Whitesnake pretty much has ever writtien is a freaking ballad i mean sure one or two songs but the whole album? come on. Way too much synth and ballads too be called a metal album. It just doesent work Here i Go Again isnt even that good and Is THis Love is the worse song of all time. Dont buy horrible band horrible album would give zero starts. By far not the greatest album of all time in fact its one of the worse"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Keith Murray steps out for another dictionary rhyme book tales with another album entitled Enigma.  He impressively both used a vocabulary to conversant with scholars and entertained his listeners with tales of adventure with titles like \"World Be Free\" and the heartfelt \"To My Mans\" featuring Dave Hollister.  As he begins by antagonizing others on \"Intro\" it continues over to \"Call My Name\" as he dares any competition to contest.  \"Dangerous Ground\" featuring 50 Grand is more upbeat than usual for Keith, but his ability to adapt nearly passes by.  The highlight of this LP is \"What A Feelin'\" with its groovy, scale runs with the bass.  \"Love L.O.D.\" featuring 50 Grand & Kel-Vicious is a good display of patience and the tight knit of L.O.D. as the trio shows why they are the nicest in this profession.  To close, Keith Murray's Enigma is lyrically fulfilling."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I believe this to be 2pac's best record. He was hungry, coming straight out of jail and recording this double disc album. It has so many classic tracks. Life Goes On, Cali Love RMX, Only God Can Judge Me, Picture Me Rollin, All Eyez on Me,  I Ain't Mad At Cha, and many more. Life Goes On is one of 2pac's deepest and most impressive tracks he ever did. So is Only God can Judge Me. I know you don't want me babbling on about how good this album is so I will give you 3 words. CLASSIC BUY NOW."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Ok, this set has several of Monk's classsic compositions and is solid throughout. How could it not be with Monk , Coltrane, Blakey and Coleman Hawkins. I will say this..You WILL NEVER hear a better rendition of Ruby My Dear than the one rendered here. Hawkins playing is absolutely magnificent on that track. It would be worth the price of this cd just for that one cut. The bonus is that the rest of the cuts are extremely well played Monk Music so you can't miss with this one."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "this is a truly incredible debut. almost every track is exceptional. cello song is really beautiful,time has told me is another classic featuring great steel guitar work from richard thompson. way to blue has some great orchestration that is not overdone. three hours includes some intricate guitar. fruit tree shows the  profound mystery, beauty and tragedy of drake's tunes.  saturday sun is one of the greatest things he ever did, it seems to me that few people regard this jazzy piece as one of his all time best but it is. the vibes, piano, drums, and bass on that song are terrific, not to mention drake's excellent voice. the man was  definitely one of the greatest of songwriters it is too bad this didn't sell well enough to bring him the acclaim he so richly deserved. try bryter later and pink moon as well,  for there are lots of classics in drake's short catalogue."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "i had this review completely written when my power went out a few hours ago. and you know how frustrating it is to try to write something over by memory, so i won't. basically, i was disappointed by this album because i love self and was expecting their debut to sound really fresh and exciting and creative, but it's frankly not as good as their &quot;breakthrough&quot; album--if it can be called such--breakfast with girls. and of course, nothing tops their recorded-using-only-toy-instruments off-the-wall masterpiece gizmodgery, which everyone in the world should own (i recently sold my copy for 27 bucks at half.com...it's out of print, and i'm counting on it being rereleased relatively soon). anyway, subliminal plastic motives sounds like a fifth album, tired, uninspired, and while self had definitely already established the roots of their unique electropop sound, it wouldn't achieve ultimate fruition until the 2nd or 3rd album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Aaliyah came out when she was 15 and had some great hip hop laced R&B; cuts with help from R. Kelly, her mentor and rumored husband.Aaliyah had a certain charisma and smooth delivery that made up for her sometimes immature lyrics (which was not her fault). Still this Cd was very important in the mid 90's. Age Ain't Nothing But a Number, Back and Forth, and At your best (You are love) were her singles but I was also impressed by her other cuts.This Cd is straight 90's music but it is Aaliyah and it is still a classic!Favs: Street Thing, Im so into you, No one Knows.., Old School, along with her singles!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "American Psycho is a great bridge between \"classic\" Misfits & the \"resurrected\" Misfits: all of the energy and none of the profanity.\"American Psycho\" has all of the things that made The Misfits great:-Sing-along choruses-Horror themed lyrics-Relentless energyBut what the album really does is improve on the old ideas.  Jerry & Doyle can actually play their instruments now and being backed by Dr. Chud's thundering drums and Michale Graves haunting screams really gives the band a great heavy, full sound.The stand-out songs are: \"Speak of the Devil\", \"Dig Up Her Bones\", \"Crimson Ghost\", \"Day of the Dead\" and \"Don't Open Til Doomsday\".Also, the hidden track \"Hell Night\" is pretty catchy.This is a great album in it's entirety, but the \"resurrected\" Misfits didn't really find their own sound until \"Famous Monsters\" which is definitely their best.Buy this album and prepare to shout along."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If there is one Sonny Rollins album that you should own then this is it. \"Saxophone Colossus\" is a real gem and is certainly one of the best jazz albums ever made.Sonny Rollins is a great saxophonist who on this occasion has a rythmn section right up to his level which has not been the case on many other of his albums.I have now had this record for six moths and continue to play it almost every day and enjoy it just as much as the first listening. That is how good it is! It is a shame that modern jazz is rarely up to the level of the legends of the 50'S and 60's."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "OUTKAST'S ATLiens is one of the most experimental, explosive and moving albums in Hip Hop history. I know a couple of people put off by the video for \"Elevators\" but you could not deny that the song was dope.  Outkast now is house hold name, but in 94 Outkast was very underated.  First time i listen to the album complete i almost cried.  The music is so beautiful, but the words are so heartfelt.  The last two songs are unlike anything i had herd at the time, and still holds 10 years later.  This made Outkast more than just a Hip Hop act they were something more, It also led the way for the classic \"Aquimini.\" A+"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Finally Tupac Shakur has came down from cloud 9, only this has happened after Tupac Shakur has actually visited cloud 9 (Heaven).  This double LP sounds more like a compilation of 2Pac's early work, most tracks were made around the times of \"2Pacalypse Now\" and \"Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z...\", and it shows.  Although Tupac (as always) comes with it lyrically (for the most part), this album - like his old albums, suffers from poor production.  But this LP is still a solid buy, it is just below average overall as an LP.  Records like \"Do 4 Me\" and \"I Wonder If Heaven Got A Ghetto (remix)\", alone are an overwhleming excuse to buy this album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "To actually access the music of Nick Drake, you have to get past a lot of baggage: the biographical legend; the twee aesthetic, aptly signified by the blandly psychedelic cover, fey title and spelling; the voice, an adolescent-whisper-falsetto type thing when it's not trying to be Bob Dylan.  Once you do get past all that, the album is a vaguely pleasant, if indistinguishable, wash of folk pop, with unexpected instruments - cello, piano, harpsichord, sax etc. - keeping things interesting (some of the songs sound like an earnest Divine Comedy).  There is one stand-out track, however, 'Poor Boy', part-Jobim samba, part-Legrand French cafe pop, part-Stones gospel.  Its pop melancholy suggests where Drake's true talents lay."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Soon I will have to replace this on cd-I have it on vinyl &amp; cassette &amp; played both til they nearly fell apart.  Every song is a gem, from the title track Building The Perfect Beast-great percussion throughout to  the rockin' All She Wants To Do Is Dance.  Once you pop this into your cd  or cassette player you'll want to hear it several times.  If you're not too  enamored of Don's latest cd(Inside Job)then this is the only cd you'll need  to get an idea of how brilliant his singing/songwriting really is."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "One of the best hip-hop albums to ever be released ever. Hott beats and true hip-hop lyrics keep you wanting more from GZA. This album is insane, dark and grimey. Buy this now if your a true Wu-Tang and Hip-Hop Fan.#1.Liquid Swords - 10/10#2.Duel Of The Iron Mic - 10/10#3.Living In The World Today - 10/10#4.Gold - 10/10#5.Cold World - 10/10#6.Labels - 10/10#7.4th Chamber - 10/10#8.Shadowboxin - 10/10#9.Hells Wind Staff/Killah Hills 10304 - 10/10#10.Investigative Reports - 10/10#11.Swordsman - 10/10#12.I Gotcha Back - 10/10#13.Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth - 10/10This album is perfect in everysingle way. Buy it now!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "With the anniversary of her death approaching, now seems like an appropriate time to look back on this promising debut. While it has a fair amount of filler and the hit tunes are good but not great, \"Age Ain't....\" showed great promise and still entertains on many levels. For every half-baked song sketch with bad rapping (\"Throw Ya' Hands Up\", \"Old School\") there's a moment of sheer inspiration and joy (\"Back & Forth\") and a title track that still bumps after 8 years. She was taken from us far too soon, but listening to this first effort reminds us of why we fell in love with her in the first place."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's commonly agreed that 'Goodbye' is not one of Costello's better efforts.  I concur, but must confess enjoyment of two songs that are generally cursed by EC purists:  'I Wanna Be Loved' and 'Only Flame in Town'.While not lyrically compelling, I find the songs musically enjoyable.  Love the strange synth feel to 'Wanna' and even the sax solo.  The demo version of 'Only Flame' on EC's 'All This Useless Beauty' bonus disc is superior to the standard recording here.  Costello originally seems to have conceived the song as a 50s style slow dance number.  It's kitschy but fun!'The Comedians', also recorded by the late Roy Orbison, is about the only other cut of significant interest.  Like 'Only Flame', the demo version of this song on Rhino's 'All This Useless Beauty' bonus disc is better than the one here."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Costello's second album continues in the same vein as his debut, angry tales of love, lust, and sheer pent up frustration. Dominated by Steve Nieve's organ, this CD is more polished than Costello's debut, but it feels a little over produced compared to the stripped down sound of his first release. Despite this the songs still create a sense of tension rarely found in anyone's music. &quot;Radio, Radio&quot; may be one of the greatest songs ever about the idea of &quot;popular music&quot; and its effect on us all and the double play of &quot;The Beat&quot; and &quot;Pump It Up&quot; sums up teen years pretty well. Costello is a truly original talent and this CD shows him during the early years, still coming to grips with many of the same ideas and fears that faced his liteners. This review is of the original American recording)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Highlights are You're Making Me High, Talking In His Sleep, Find Me A Man, Let It Flow, Why Should I Care, Come On Over Here and I Love Me Some Him.Filler? Not a lot, but Un-break My Heart comes close and In The Late Of Night/Toni's Secrets is OK and nothing to speak of. So I guess that means no filler! ^_^;;Cover Art: A-Songwriting: B+Vocals: B-Vocal Emotion: A-Production: B+Overall: 4.3754.375 = 4.384.38 stars."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In an effort to expand my collection of women's music I purchased this CD based solely on recommendations here. I have had no regrets! This CD is very good. It took several listens for me to get hooked but once that happened I have found myself reaching for this CD to play almost everyday. I was acquainted with two of the songs from the radio years ago: 'Stay' and 'Do You Sleep?' but others are just as good if not better. 'Snow Day' is high energy and I often play air guitar when nobody is watching. I will definately look into buying her other CD."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Widely hailed as a masterpiece, but to me it's just another good Monk album. This does contain my favorite version of my favorite Monk song, an extended \"Well, You Needn't\" features numerous memorable solos: there's also a tender if slightly overlong \"Ruby My Dear\" and a swinging, fun \"Off Minor\"; there's also a painfully cheesy, thankfully brief \"Abide with Me\" (still, those are some unbearable 55 seconds), and rather unenlightening takes on \"Epistrophy\" (a remake of an old Blue Note single - the Blue Note take is far better, I can say that without any doubt whatsoever) and \"Crepscule with Nellie\" (which would later get several more touching readings on future Monk albums, most notably Criss Cross). So while it's a distinctive good time, and has a great cover, it's not as solid as several other Monk releases. Still pretty good, though."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Its kind of hard to deny what Krs-One has brought to the game. His flow is phenomenal and the insight he gives is precious even now. Standout Tracks: DUCK DOWN, RUFF RUFF(dope match up with Freddie Foxx), 13 AND GOOD(the story of a guy who sleeps with a teen that calls her father who is a gay cop will have you in stitches), POISONOUS PRODUCTS, QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS, LIKE A THROTTLE, WE IN HERE, THE REAL HOLY PLACE(the deepest track on here), WHO ARE THE PIMPS? and the reggae tinged joints like SAY GAL and SEX AND VIOLENCE are gems also. Filler: NONE! Bottom Line: BDP's six album is still a classic with a message that still isnt heeded till this day. Besides the slammin production, Krs showed that he was 100 steps ahead from the average rapper with this album. Any born again hip hop head would do well to start off with Edutainment and work their way down to this album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "nick drake pink moonnick drake-guitar-pianoproducerthat's all who was in the studio in the time of making this acoustic classic how can such beauty come from such raw elements i can tell you, because nick drake had talent, and he presented himself well in his vocals, his guitar playing and his lyricsyeah to some people the lyrics may sound naive and childlike but to me they are simple for a fact of getting a point across,and the instrumental horn is a superb track in a middle of a masterpieceafter you've got this get \"five leaves left\"features the classic \"river man\""}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Pink Moon will always hold a special place in my heart. Not only was this my first introduction to the Artist. But was also my first CD exchange with a dear friend. The ramifications of emotions and memories this album brings are at times overwhelming.This Album embodies all I ever wanted to achieve, and all that I have.In the most simple definition Pink Moon represents the true shape of music. Music in its purest form and most beautiful shade.Recorded over two nights in October 1971. Nobody knew he was making an album. He turned in the master tapes and proclaimed \"I have no more songs left to sing\".This is just a man and his guitar. No more, no less. This is not about making a statement, creating greatness, or re-designing the laws of music. But merely an expression. And that is what music should be.Is so easy to indulge ourselves with production details and ideals. That we forget what true music should be."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "GZA dropped a jewell with Liquid Swords....The opening skit sets the tone for a very dark and introspective album....GZA lives up to his nickname \"the genius\" and provides some of the best crafted verses I've ever heard...Many of his verses are layered w/ double meanings that can actually take numerous listens until actually realizing fully what it all meant...props to the RZA for providing some of the darkest and coldest beats I've ever heard...Not saying this is the perfect hip hop album, its not even near my top 10 of all time....BUt to me , it is a certified hip hop classic and an overall flawless album..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The British version of this CD is called \"Mr Fantasy\" - it has a superior CD sleeve to the US version, but a lot of it is in badly mixed mono and sounds very flat.  The same album is available in the US version under the title \"Heaven is In Your Mind\" - it is all in stereo, and sequenced much better - makes a BIG difference - and is far superior to the U.K. version.  Both versions are great - whichever one you end up with, you're gonna love if you like psychedelic music!  Because this album is a psych CLASSIC!  I have both versions and I ALWAYS listen to the US version (\"Heaven is In Your Mind\") because it sounds better and makes more sense the way it is sequenced. I had never even heard of the album until 1 year ago.  I investigated this year, and I am SURE GLAD I did!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "i'll make this short and sweet...this album is amazing.  ...i'll take you back to '84.  new music was growing...Valley Girl...that movie with the fanatstic soundtrack...the plimsouls &quot;million miles away&quot; jammin in the bar scene.  i was sold.  the ultimate record from the early eighties that still reigns true today.  great words...great music...great production...yet the sting of that pure raw garage band sound.  simply put?  get the CD...you'll thank me when you do.  as soon as you hear &quot;oldest story in the world&quot;, you'll thank me again.  i thank peter case everytime i jam...everywhere at once."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "You know,even with classic radio hits like &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot;,&quot;God Only Knows&quot; and &quot;Sloop John B&quot; I just can't putThe Beach Boys &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; into my CD player and not listen tothe entire album in one sitting!I'd be missing out on my favoritesongs like &quot;Don't Talk&quot;,&quot;Let's Go Away For Awile&quot;,&quot;Caroline No&quot;,&quot;I Just Wasn't Made For These Times&quot;...I can go on and on,really!This has less weak cuts then The Beatles &quot;Sgt.Pepper&quot; and thatonly had ONE mildly weak song if that tells you anything.Okay-order this NOW!It will brighten your day!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is most definitely a classic album from Maria. In fact, it's her best. I am sorry that it hasn't received more recognition from the new country community, but that's how the cards fall sometimes. Everything from the sweet memphis sound of &quot;I'm gonna soothe you&quot; to the bittersweet &quot;Only Once&quot;, is a showcase for the endless talents of Ms. Mckee. Like most of the alt-country she was bred on the punk sound of the eightees and traditional folk music that was ignored at the time. Her only misfortune was bad timing. The decade of Van Halen and Poison would have had a difficult time appreciate a work of art in this vein. If you like Chrissie Hynde and/or Janis Joplin, this album is perfect for you."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's the Hip hop's hair doo master Coolio on a debut album, my locc Coolio went from B.G. to Locc'sta from Compton, CA aka the CPT. Like I said on my review from Gangsta's Paradice, Coolio be blowin' on some Indo or some other type of funky gangee, because Coolio was the locc who released the ultimate house party groove Fantastic Voyage by far Coolio's dopest hit, County Line is a far out Dope song by my locc, Ghetto Cartoon is a funny cartoonished song with funny lyrics, and my locc has another good one called Ugly Bitches, what!? It's a true song by my locc Coolio."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "As a child, Coolio was a B.G. LocC from Compton, CA.  Although Coolio ran with the Compton Loccs, Coolio had troubles fitting in with his school mates, and at the age of 17 Coolio got into the Crack-Cocaine game.  Although Coolio may not of been as sucessful as Eazy-E, Ice Cube, Dr. Dre or Snoop Doggy Dogg, Coolio's 1996 album Gangsta's Paradice is a West Coast Highlight.  Best hit defiently is the hit song Gangsta's Paradice, though another song that should of been a hit is Cruisin'.  Sumpin' New is another good hit by Coolio, and a good House Party song is Kinda High Kinda Drunk.Coolio's best are 2, *3, 4, *5, 6, *7, *10, 12, 13, 16 & 17."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Toni Braxton came out with her sophomore album, Secrets, in June 1996. Toni revealed a more sexier, yet classier image, and it was reflected on each of these songs. A few songs that stand out on the album are the title track, How could an Angel Break My Heart, There's No Me Without You, and You're Making Me High. A few standout ballads would be In the Late of Night, which was written by Jon B. Another ballad that sticks out from this album is Find Me a Man. Secrets is definitely Toni Braxton at her finest. This cd is definitely a good one that shouldn't be kept secret!!!!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "When I saw the band name Sneaker Pimps I thought to myself who would name their band this? I was listening to \"Six Underground\" the very 1st song I ever heard and I liked it so I listened to more of the music and I thought to myself not bad.  Kelli Dayton has a very soulful voice yet a bit to edgy, I am not saying shes bad but sometimes she sounds like a kid. Shes a good singer though. Chris Corner and Liam Howe wrote some very good songs.Chris Corner is a better singer then Kelli Dayton, I mean dont get me wrong shes great but Corner was a bit better, this is a alright album so I gave it a 3."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "For those who were introduced to Cher through her latest albums, &quot;Believe&quot; and &quot;Living Proof&quot;, &quot;Heart of Stone&quot; is probably the best of her &quot;middle period&quot; recordings.  You hear her rock soul on this set, and yet you get diversity from a sort of country parody (&quot;Just Like Jesse James&quot;), a kind of gospel rock number (&quot;Heart of Stone&quot;), something tender (The duet with Peter Cetera: &quot;After All&quot;), to the adult contemporary &quot;If I Could Turn Back Time&quot;.Along the way, you'll incidentally hear song writer Diane Warren at her very best.  She writes quite well for Cher in this album, with songs that lend themselves to Cher's dramatic and rather sardonic delivery.All in all, if you're a new Cher fan, I think you'll be pleased with this, and if you're an old Cher fan, you should already have it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "return of the boom bap is a great classic. it's way up there with 93 til infinity by souls of mischief, a future without a past by leaders of the new school, one for all , ed o.g and da bulldogs first album and gang starr step in the arena. it's crafted beats on krs-one album is by the talented dj premier. it's lyrics is so great too. check out sound of the police and mad crew. this is a gifted classic. with it's old school, loud bass original lyrics. definately a must have for any true hip hop head."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Lisa Loeb's first major album with her band Nine Stories, titled TAILS, is an excellent album on so many levels. It's one of those CD's you can listen to anytime, and it just speaks mountains to you, or it makes you want to sing along with it. Lisa's first single &quot;Stay&quot;, which was on the Reality Bites soundtrack, was the first song to go to #1 by an independant artist who had no record label. It's also on TAILS. &quot;Do You Sleep&quot; is another winner. The instruments are used well in this album. Composing and performing songs that combine effervescent pop with the lyricism of a skilled storyteller, Lisa Loeb is one of contemporary music's most sumptuous delights. The CD has not even one filler track. Other highlights include &quot;It's Over&quot;, &quot;Snow Day&quot;, &quot;Rose Colored Times&quot;, &quot;Waiting For Wednesday&quot;, &quot;Alone&quot; and the ever poignant &quot;Hurricane&quot;. Check this out for something new!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "(...)She is one of a kind, and this album only enhances her contribution to musical enjoyment. As always, the instrumental opening sets a mood, followed by the lively \"Anywhere Is\", a song which grew on me each time I listened. Each song is exquisite, but for me, \"China Roses\" is the most delicately crafted song. However, \"Once You Had Gold\" which isn't mentioned as much is another of the highpoints. \"On My Way Home\" is a fitting conclusion to the album. I have heard rumors that not everybody likes Enya, and if there is a person who doesn't like her, then he or she shouldn't get this CD, but for everybody else, this is one of the essential CD's for your collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "at it. And so begins \"4th of July\", probably one of my favorite Galaxie 500 lines ever, next to \"I stayed @ home on the 4th of july, and i pulled the shades so i didn't have to see the sky,  and i decided to have a bed in , but i forgot to invite anybody\"Only Dean Wareham's fractured genius can paint a picture of isolation and self-doubt in this way, and his detached storytelling verses remind me of \"The Gift\" in a sillier setting. \"Sorry\" has this cool dreamy haze going on, as does \"melt away\", and \"king of spain pt. 2\" with its delicate percussion and waves of guitar gently drifts along. Find your own classics, own this lp. I can't speak for the reissue because I have the rough trade orig."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Ms. Baez has a pure, crystalline voice that is an instrument unto itself. You will know what I mean when you hear her sing \"Waggoner's Lad\" without accompaniment. This is quickly followed up by some achingly beautiful folk songs, such as \"The Trees They Do Grow High\", \"The Lily of the West\", and \"Silkie\". Wham Bam... before you know it, you are hooked!This extraordinary CD originally ended  with \"Plaisir D'Amour\", which is a beautiful love song and, sung by Ms. Baez, one that will not be easily forgotten. This released, which has remastered the original recording, now has three additional bonus tracks that are pleasant additions to an already marvelous musical experience.  This is simply a wonderful CD, and if you are not already a fan of Ms. Baez, it will quickly make you into one. She is, undoubtedly, a national treasure."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I first heard this album in the mid-1980s when I was running a used record store in Florida. I didn't know samba from Sambo, and had only a vague idea of who Stan Getz and Charlie Byrd were at the time, but after playing the LP a few times I was hooked. This music was unlike anything else I was listening to at the time (classic rock, alternative rock, vintage soul, etc.) but it really struck a chord. Irresistable and magical tunes, the kind that truly evoked a unique mood and atmosphere. I played the record to death and have done likewise with my old CD copy. This music just never gets \"old\" or boring. A classic in the truest sense of the word. You don't have to be a jazz fan to enjoy this, just let the music play and let it soak into your consciousness. Laid back and lovely."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Actual Miles: Henley's Greatest Hits being Henley's greatest hits compilation release 1995 and contains hits from 1982 to 1995. The album contains classic Henley tracks such as \"The Boys of Summer\", \"Dirty Laundry\", \"The End of the Innocence\" and \"The Heart of The Matter\".  The booklet is strange of used carsales man and I do not know what the point of this is. Only one track has the lyrics included but we do get linernotes written by Henley. We do get a list of the muisicians on each track but not what they play on each track. 4/5."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "HEART OF STONE is a fine Cher album, although a bit dated now, it shows strength in her vocals that is masked underneath electronic beats on her newer material (which is great too). The album has the mega Diane Warren hit &quot;If I Could Turn Back Time&quot;, who could forget that music video and the outfit? Not to mention that it's a great song. &quot;Just Like Jesse James&quot; is a nice midtempo ballad. It's hard to explain but this album has a certain grittiness to it, and a rawness to it. There's also some strong songwriting throughout the set. Other highlights include &quot;Starting Over&quot;, &quot;You Wouldn't Know Love&quot;, the title track, &quot;After All&quot;, and many others. Check it out if you haven't already!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "My favorite singer of all-time flourishes with this piece of Latin history called AMOR PROHIBIDO.  Her most recognized Tejano recording boasts charming pop/Latin tracks like &quot;Amor Prohibido&quot; and Selena's very own penned &quot;Bidi Bidi Bom Bom&quot;, and the ballady &quot;No Me Queda Mas&quot;.  I give this album 5 out of 5 stars because it shines poignantly like no other of Selena's Latin CDs!  It's not hard to guess why Selena would've been up there with the likes of Whitney Houston and Aretha Franklin.  This is a Classic and a MUST BUY in my mind - and I'm not even Hispanic!  She rules."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is probably the most overated of all 2pac's work.  You would think that after his release from prison, 2pac would have delivered an album that is a better commentary on his life trials prior to prison.  Instead, 2pac goes right back to the sh-t, focusing too much on, and overdramatizing the thug-life. This drawn-out, sprawling, if not tedious double album tends to be annoying at times. However, stand-out tracks like &quot;How Do You Want It&quot;, &quot;Bring the Pain&quot;, California Love&quot;, I aint Mad at Cha&quot; &quot;Wonda Why they Call You B--tch&quot; and a few others takes on all the needless and uncalled for tracks, not making it a complete throw-away.  While it's certainly not as consistent as his previous efforts, this double CD still contains the best from one of the most prolific rappers in Hip Hop.Peace! El-715"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It seems after all these years, DM is finally comfortable.  That is what this CD conveys.  There aren't many tracks that would pack a club floor.  The mix is phat but minimal, almost stark.  The campiness is gone.  They have progressed from the old school analog synths, to more rich, complex, and deep sounds and percussion, fusing it all together with soothing vocals and harmonies.  Growth.  Experience.  Life.  These are the ingredients of Ultra.My favorites:  &quot;Barrel Of A Gun&quot;/&quot;The Love Thieves&quot;/&quot;Home&quot;/&quot;It's No Good&quot;/&quot;Useless&quot;/&quot;Sister Of Night&quot;/&quot;The Bottom Line&quot;/&quot;Insight.&quot;Other cool bands:  De/Vision, Distain!, Agnes Poetry, Iris."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is pretty good. The singer's voice for whatever reason reminds me of a softer version of Cat Stevens, the music is slower, quieter and melancholy. The arrangements are just him and a guitar, with a bit of piano on the title track. If this came out today, it'd probably be labelled \"sadcore\".My only real complaints is that the album is a little short, and I felt there could be a bit more accompaniment. The piano on the title track is nice. That's just a matter of taste I guess.I enjoy this album nonetheless. It's relaxing and I enjoy going for a walk during the evening with this on."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I decided recently to pull out my old vinyl of Paula Abdul and spin this baby.Well I have noticed since I am now about 11 years older I realized Abdul's voice now gets on my nerves, and that her songs though they had  their place and time in 1989 just don't hold up well today.Songs like  &quot;Straight Up&quot;, &quot;Knocked Out&quot;, and &quot;The Way That  You Love Me&quot;, just don't infect me like some old pop songs do like The  Emotions &quot;Best of My Love&quot; or Lovin' Spoonfuls &quot;Summer in  the City&quot;....get the picture?Unless your an Abdul fanatic, all I  can say is this is really run of the mill pop with some infectious  hooks...I think if Madonna, or Deborah Gibson (who have stronger voices)  sang these dittys they may hold up better."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I always liked the Eagles, but I love Don Henley.  He has the smoothest of voices and his songs are fantastic.  This cd comprises some great hits that we all know and love.  The one song I'd like to see here (which obviously couldn't be on it because it was written and released after this was made) is Taking You Home.  That's one of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard.  Other than that, there is Dirty Laundry, End Of The Innocence and New York Minute for us to enjoy.  I love this cd and I love Don Henly.  This is a must for any fan of his."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It would be easy to assume, as many people probably did, that after the death of long time partner Scott LaRock KRS-One would fall off. However he gave all those critics a fat smack in the face with the release of By All Means Necessary. Although it's not QUITE as great as Criminal Minded (few are), it is definetly a worthy album and is an example of some of the best rap to come out of the Bronx. \"My Philosophy\", the semi-sequel to the first track on Criminal Minded \"Poetry\" (a great track) surpasses its predecessor which is not an easy feat, and is arguably the best hip hop song of all time. Add 9 other great tracks and I'd say you have an essential album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I get something different out of this CD every time I hear it -- for me, the mark of an outstanding record.When something new STILL pops out of the speakers after three years of listening.....well, I know I'm hearing one of the all-time greats.I get the most out of PET SOUNDS on headphones.  Take a walk on the beach at dusk with this CD at medium volume, so you can hear the music interspersed with the crash of the surf and the cries of seagulls.  The music fits right in.  Brian Wilson absolutely captures the outdoor beauty of Southern California in 13 heavenly songs.I won't get into the SGT. PEPPER - PET SOUNDS debate.  They're both masterpieces.  Let's just say both bands pushed each other to new levels of aural beauty -- a &quot;race&quot; that ultimately drove Wilson into seclusion.  One of pop music's finest."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album has stood the test of time. As I write this review 20 years after its release, the album still is sweet music to my ears. I bought the cassette in the winter of 1990 and fell asleep listening to it every night for the next 6 months. No matter how much I listened I never got tired of it.Track listing:1. Don't Cha Think 9/102. Heat of the Moment 8.5/103. Can't Stop 9.5/104. My Only Woman 6.5/105. One Night 10/106. Love's Been So Nice 7.5/107. Ready or Not 11/10!!!8. Sayonara 7/10"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Aaliyah Dana Haughton is one of our world's finest entertainers.  Aaliyah possesses a golden voice.  Her vocal range is very wide; she can hit the high and low notes with effortless ease and pristine perfection.  &quot;Age Ain't Nothing But A Number&quot; is a wonderful album.  Aaliyah has the unique ability to sing to the listener.  Her music touches my very essence.  This thirteen track album is loaded with hits.  Every track is a perfect ten.  Aaliyah is kind enough to share her fantastic artistic abilities with the world.  I thank Aaliyah for that.  I guarantee that you will love this album.  Don't think twice, buy this album.  Peace from Barbados."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Don't be fooled by the number of tracks (four) - you definitely get your money's worth on this one.  Isaac Hayes really showcases his ability to rework standards by composers like Burt Bacharach and Jimmy Webb.  You would never believe these weren't written to be mellow grooving soul.  From the cynical, ironic, Gen-X perspective, the intro to &quot;Phoenix&quot; seems a little too long and silly, but by the last few minutes of the song, you finally see where he was going with it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "2pac is the most lyrical and heartful rapper i have ever listen to. They have Amaru Records still going strong with 8 released 2pac cds since his death. This one is another classic with my favorite songs like \"Open fire\",R U Still Down (Remember Me), \"Hellrazor\", \"I Wonder If Heaven Got A Ghetto\", and \"Definition of A Thug N***\". Well, im gonna stop boring the crap out of you all. This just shows you how good and kick ass this cd is. In my opinion if ya want a 2pac cd that has come out after his death this and the 7 day theory is the ones you want, peace out. RIP 2pac Amaru Shakur."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This CD is fantastic,not only do you get Olivia's greatest hits,but 4 wonderfull new songs.I first heard &quot;I need  Love&quot; driving back from Florida.I thought this song was so different,about not having sex  untill you truely love someone,and also being worried about Aids.I really  believed this record was going to be a huge hit for Olivia.She was ready to  tour untill she discovered she had breast cancer.&quot;Deeper than a  river,&quot;was a hit in the Adult charts,and&quot; Not Gonna Be the  one,&quot;that sounds alot like the Bee Gee's, are fantastic new songs  also.This one CD has it all,from Olivia's begining when she was into  country music,to one of the greatest musicals of all  time,&quot;Grease,&quot;to Olivia's biggest hit,&quot;Physical,&quot; and  these four beutifull new songs.You have to get this CD if your a Olivia  Newton John fan."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Pimp C and Bun B came out in 1994 with an album with nothin but fire.  This album slams from start to finish with that old school down south feel.  The beats are melodic G-Funk, with twangy guitar and smokin keyborad riffs.  Lyrically and vocally, UGK kills in all departments.  They really know how to tear up the mic with their firey flows. The track \"Feds in Town\" is a gangster classic with a phat, funky beat and tight scratches. \"Super Tight...\" is the perfect one to pop in the six fo while hittin switches down the avenue. The mid 90's was one of the best periods in rap history, and this album is testament to it.  Don't sleep on this classic."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "OutKast's debut: \"Southernplayalisticadillacmusik\" is nothing short of fire!  It is a combination of great rhythm, neat lyrics, and bass heavy, early to mid 90's Dirty South G-Funk beats.  This album is great lowrider music. A standout track is \"Ain't No Thang,\" which has really deep head nodding bass, and hard hitting, hot headed gangsta lyrics from the Organized Noize duo!  Some of the beats hint slightly at West Coast G-Funk like \"Claimin' True,\" but even with that, you can see that the deep southern influence is the prevalent as it is throughout.  This album was the launching pad for OutKast's rap and pop success, and rightly so."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The thing about Brand X, I mean besides it having caused me to take back all--well, most, anyway--of the nasty things I've said about Phil Collins over the years, is that their virtuosity as players is not just self-serving masturbation. These guys ARE virtuosos, but they use their skills to make really awesome music which serves the listener. I bought a few Brand X records (yes, records.... on vinyl), decades ago and the music is on my iPod today. If standing the test of time is one measure of good music, then this is good indeed.And, let's face it, for many like myself, this band turned the Phil Collins legacy from the lame, forgettable pop stuff he churned out like a placebo factory, to \"Holy crap; this guy is a seriously talented player\".\"Unorthodox Behaviour\" and \"Morrocan Roll\" are my favorites, though all of the Brand X releases are enjoyable."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "as usual, i order a cd like 'protection' for a song or two.  then i get a great surprise.in this case, it's the title track, with vocals by tracey thorn.  thorn, along with lisa gerrard, dusty springfield, doris day, billie holiday, aretha franklin and a few others, has a uniquely gorgeous voice and styling that is immediately identifiable for so many things--a social scene, a certain era, a mood.unlike the others, she has still to get her due and fame as a singer.  here's hoping that people will use her and get her heard as much as the law will allow."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "For the most part, The Cars were a singles band, but their debut stands as one of the best ever new wave albums.  The hit songs were solid, including the amazing threesome, &quot;Let the Good Times Roll,&quot; &quot;My Best Friend's Girl&quot; and &quot;Just What I Needed&quot; that kick off the album.  But side two is were The Cars demonstrate their artistic complexity, particularly on the lengthy double track &quot;Moving in Stereo/All Mixed Up.&quot;  &quot;You're All I've Got Tonight&quot; and &quot;Bye Bye Love&quot; make for another couple of great singles as well.  This album is so good, it could stand as a greatest hits package all on its own."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "While every Wu-Tang solo release is noteworthy for one reason or another, this flawless solo LP from GZA is of special note because, to my ears, it captures The RZA at a creative peak, soundwise. These tracks are truly atmospheric and deep, and there are, thankfully, no outside contributions, every track here is pure RZA. While Inspectah Deck has a great guest shot on my favorite track, \"Cold World\" (can't you just listen to this song 1,000 times?) this is entirely GZA's showcase and his intricate, brilliant wordplay, while somewhat measured in places, is stunning from start to finish. There is no filler here and the album doesn't overstay it's welcome, it's simply perfect. A hip-hop classic."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This disk represented a radical change for Elvis Costello, as he and the Attractions moved from the bare raw sound of \"This Year's Model\" toward more layers and orchestration.  Elvis states that they were listening to ABBA on the bus, but do not hold that against them.  The cascading piano and layered keys on \"Accident's Will Happen\" and \"Oliver's Army\" still spit with bile of the angry young man.  Sparse arrangements, like \"Moods for Moderns\", \"Senior Servitude\", and \"Green Shirt\" are mixed in, giving the disk a complex series of shifting moods.  Nick Lowe's influence, as demonstrated by \"Two Little Hitlers\" (Nick had recorded a tune called \"Little Hitler\" about the same time) as well as Elvis' definitive cover of Nick Lowe's \"What So Funny (About Peace, Love and Understanding)\" shine throughout the release.  Listen to the complicated word play and lyrical mastery throughout the disk.  A must have!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This CD is so tight it's difficult to describe.  Every singlesong is straight.  From the first one, to D.E.E.P. they are all easyto listen to.  I judge a CD by how many tracks it has that I love to listen to each time they come on.The subject matter involves most classic rap themes, but embraces knowledge, and acknowledges the destabilizing effect that hip hop culture can have on those not prepared for it.This CD has 8 or 9 classics on it.  I mean every time the song comes on, you just bob your head and zone out.  Dre's lyrics are unstoppable, Big Boi's lyrics are unstoppable, plus on the one skit, they let you know just what it's like to be an Outkast.&quot;an outkast is someone who isn't accepted in society because of his hair, his beliefs or his skin color, now ask yourself, are you an outkast.  If you believe the fundamental truths contained in this album you probably are."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Hey this is the first cd from the luniz, you might know them from that song, i got 5 on it. I bought this cd, basically because of that song, and thats all i got. i was hoping for a LITTLE more, maybe just one or two other good songs, but it wasnt happenening. The reason this gets a 3 star instead of 1 or maybe 2, is because the song, i got 5 on it, is such a good song, you could put it on a barbara striesand cd, and i would still give it a 3 stars, just for that one song. Go buy the cd, or the single of i got 5 on it, if they have it, just for that song, cuase you really need to hear that song."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I personally like their newer stuff better because they christened their sound over time and Justin's voice got better but he has always been a political genius and it shows here as much as in any other album. The lyrics are incredible in almost every song but the best songs are You'd Do The Same, Die For The Government, Red White and Brainwashed, F*** Police Brutality and my personal favorite Punk By The Book. Also Drink Drank Punk is a funny one and She's My Little Go-go Dancer is a good song but the lyrics are kind of dumb. Most of the other songs are also good for a listen except for a few like Your Daddy Was A Rich Man Your Daddy's F***ing Dead which to me just get annoying. Overall this is a great PUNK album but I personally prefer albums such as Underground Network and The Terror State"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I've long been a fan of Alison Krauss and her band, Union Station.  Their brand of contemporary bluegrass is unique and captivating.  This album is their best work to date. Superb quality throughout, including the  instrumentals. The title track is irresistable, and &quot;There is a  Reason&quot; is rapturous. Impeccable musicianship and superb recording,  along with Krauss's unique vocal style and virtuoso fiddle playing combine  to make this CD a must-have for fans of bluegrass. In a word, masterful."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"Way Out West\" was a very different sounding recording for its time, as was Rollins' \"Freedom Suite.\" I have given this album several listens and just find the whole thing on a musical level to be quite technically great, but the overall quality of the music is empty, because of the absence of a chordal instrument (i.e. piano, guitar). Perhaps many people don't need to hear the chords, but I always liked chords in music. I feel that they help round out the overall sound. If you like Sonny Rollins, this is still an album worth picking up just to hear what it is, a very different record for Rollins. If you're interested in hearing Rollins playing against chords in a fuller band check out his albums \"Saxophone Colossus\" and \"Tenor Madness.\" You can't go wrong with these."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Wasn't this album available in the States then? That is suprising to say the least, as it was all over Canada. The BSB's were kinda the start of the commercially put together boy band craze. At least, since this album came out, it seems that every guy and his brother want to be in a boy band. Even though nearly every guy will profess that they hate the BSB's and all boy bands. However, I must admit that the songs are catchy and danceable, and on the whole, harmless fun. But certainly nothing that will last for generations. A hundred years from now, heck..50 years from now, they will be forgotten along with Britney, but for now, they are here, so enjoy while you can."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "PLANET P is a great progressive rock/pop album recorded mostly by singer/multi-instrumentalist/songwriter Tony Carey. Unlike his albums under his own name, which are more pop-oriented and rooted in bands such as Survivor, Shooting Star, and Asia, this one sounds a great deal like the Alan Parsons Project and features extended pieces. Carey sings lead on all but one song here, and the lyrics explore a theme that would be even more pronounced on Planet P's follow-up, PINK WORLD: anxiety over Albert Einstein's work with nuclear physics being used to eliminate the human race. The songs here describe the fears of the Cold War generations, and anyone who was a teenager or adult before glasnost should own this CD."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album ranks up there with Nas's Illmatic, Jay-Z's Reasonable Doubt, Dr. Dre's Chronic, and the first three A Tribe Called Quest Albums.  Ridin' Dirty is so smooth and it still bangs in my ride and this album is 7 years old.  The best songs are \"One Day,\" \"Murder,\" \"Pinky Ring,\" \"Diamonds & Wood,\" and my personal favorite along with track 5 is \"Hi-Life\" because that song is so real.  These are no sugarcoated, powder puff rappers that  you hear on the radio.  UGK is too real.  Get UGK's entire collection because they never put out a wack album.  Even their \"Side Hustles\" album which is more like a guest appearances greatest hits is their worst album and that's bangin'."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "My favoutite albums by Cher are her Geffen-albums, made between 1987 and 1992. It's this one, &quot;Heart Of Stone&quot; and &quot;Love Hurts&quot; (and the &quot;Greatest Hits 1956-1992&quot;, containing three new songs).  If you like any of the songs you've heard from these albums, you should buy  all of them, because they are great. They sound quite the same, but are  still, by some reason, very different. Diane Warren, Desmond, Child, Jon  Bon Jovi and Michael Bolton have written many of the songs on these albums  and they are great songwriters.  Buy this album, you'll love it! I like the  guita solos (some of them by Steve Lukather (Toto) or Richie Sambora (Bon  Jovi))."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "E-40 is at his best on this album.  He may rap about hustlin, sex, and violence like many of his peers, but the way he does it is inventive.  He created much of the slang we use today.  This album is laced with hard mobb beats (\"Dusted and Disgusted\"), melodic G-Funk laden with whiny keyboard riffs(\"Drank and Smoke\"), and even a track with a beat hinting of what we call today \"crunk\" (1 Luv).  He paired these neat beats with with his tongue twisting flow.  Most of the songs on the album are classics; the ones that aren't are still tight.  Bump this funky materpiece from the yay while sittin' sideways in a lac!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Of all the places to discover Nick Drake, I had to discover him in, yes, the Volkswagen commercial.  Despite this method of discovery, I am thrilled to have been able to discover Drake. His music can be dark and moody, but it is always beautiful, and always original. His lyrics, though sometimes non-sensical, fit the music well. They are mysterious and cryptic. The songs on &quot;Pink Moon&quot; are unforgettable. There is the bluesy &quot;Know,&quot; the elegant &quot;From the Morning,&quot; and my favorite, &quot;Horn.&quot; Horn is a sparce instrumental track. Drake creates an atmosphere with this song that I have yet to see paralleled. My only quam with this album is that it is over far too quickly. With each listen, I am left wanting another half hour of music. Despite this shortcoming, I would classify this album as a true &quot;classic&quot; and would recommend it to music fans everywhere."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Night Ride Home was really a return for Joni Mitchell. She dropped almost all of the instruments that made her records released in the 80's sound so overproduced. There are more acoustic tracks who focus on Joni and her guitar. The lyrics are again from a very high level, like her albums from the 70's. Joni's voice has matured incredible and now you can hear that because of the sparse instrumentation. But that's not a complaint, because her voice sounds very cool and experienced by now. Absolute highlight of this album is Come In From The Cold, a song were Joni is looking back from the first time that she falls in love, to all the romance and relationships that have happened in her life. This is a great work from Joni Mitchell and if you love her more famous albums, you're gonna love this one also."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Just lay back and listen. Brian Wilson never misses a note. His voice was one of the natural wonders of sixties pop. His composing and arranging skills are without peer and he even plays some awesome bass (the slow middle eight section on &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot;)on this album. These songs are the sound of former teen idols settling into adulthood and feeling  both excited and uncertain. Recorded with a large selection of musicians and sung heartbreakingly well by the Beach Boys themselves, this is a true pop magnum opus. The best tracks are the gorgeous &quot;You Still Believe In Me&quot;, &quot;Don't Talk (Put Your Head On My Shoulder&quot;), the title cut, and the tear inducing &quot;Caroline No&quot;. Instead of trapping you outside his pain and insecurity, Brian Wilson invites you into his world and lays his soul bare with a suite of songs that haven't aged a day since 1966. The more you listen to &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;, the more it's beauty envelopes you."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In my opinion, this is KRS best solo effort so far. I can't skip no tracks. From beginning to end, this whole CD is pure form of the term real peoples can recognize as: HIP-HOP. Tracks like \"The MC\", \"Step into a world\" or \"A friend\" are real classics, such as the entire album. This is a fresh air of hip-hop which is mocked by fake, gangsta-like, commercial freaks like Puffy, Nelly, St. Lunatics or them C(TR)a$h Money what-do-you-call-them's... This is TRUE hip-hop! If you a fake cat, don't buy this! This is not meant for Y'ALL! But if you like TRUE hip-hop skills, then buy it! NOW!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Good late '80's independent college rock title. Camper Van Beethoven has never been one of my favorites but I've always liked their name. As fate would have it, I got to catch them at a special radio station show play a club for like $1.05. This being CVB's fifth CD, it's the title of theirs that I do like the best. Tracks that are always nice to hear again {whenever I pull this disc} out for a spin are the edgy \"Jack Ruby\", \"When I Win The Lottery\", \"All Her Favorite Fruit\" and their superbly done cover of Status Quo's \"Pictures Of Matchstick Men\". Got to hang out with their violinist Morgan Fichter after the show. Also saw her like a couple of years later on tour with Jane's Addiction. Pretty sure that was her."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I listened to this for the first time in a long time recently and was pleasantly surprised at how good it sounds.This is the ultimate No Doubt album - terrific sound of ska/new wave/pop.  Listening to this album again during our present penchant for 80's revival made me realize that \"Tragic Kingdom\" was about 10 years ahead of it's time.\"Spiderwebs\", \"Excuse Me Mr\", \"Just A Girl\", \"Sunday Morning\" and \"Don't Speak\" are all great singles.Hopefully this band will truly return to their great roots and return to this fine form in the near future...I think it's the perfect time!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I love country music -- the real stuff -- the kind Elvis attempts here. I also love Elvis Costello; for the past week, I have listened incessantly to his collaboration with Burt Bacharach, \"Painted From Memory.\"*So with that as a perspective, I have to say that this may be the weakest effort in the entire Elvis catalog. Getting Billy Sherrill in Nashville surely was the right thing to do, but these songs don't click, and about none of these covers can stand along side the original. I can't specifically carp about the playing or the vocals, but where they fail is in capturing the heart, the spirit, the feel of country music. They sound too much like an experiment. Years later, Van Morrison, another giant, would fail in a similar effort.*For sure, this is not a \"bad\" album, but there are 20 better collections that Elvis has recorded and thousands of better country albums."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is probably former Eagles drummer Don Henley's best solo effort, with &quot;The End Of The Innocence&quot; coming in a close second.Perhaps a bit too much synth for my taste, but that's a minor complaint, and &quot;Building The Perfect Beast&quot; does feature some of Henley's best and most melodious songs, such as the MTV hit &quot;The Boys Of Summer&quot;, &quot;You Can't Make Love&quot;, &quot;Not Enough Love In The World&quot;, &quot;You're Not Drinking Enough&quot; and &quot;All She Wants To Do Is Dance&quot;.Henley's voice is strong and soulful (he was always The Eagles' greatest singer), and with the exception of a few minor tracks, the songs are of high quality, both lyrically and melodically."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If only for the great bonus live disc. I am sure they could have just released the concert on its own and sold it out many times over. Like another reviewer suggested, this is even more thrilling than the El Mocambo concert disc, but they could've fixed that also by releasing the entire Mocambo show, un-edited. Setlists being similar, we probably don't need both, but heck, Elvis could release them anyway. A whole passel of live show releases would be nice, for that matter...Docked one star only because the bonus material on the first disc has already been reissued."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "[One CD, with a running time of 53:18] Fifty-three minutes of pure paradise! These twelve songs show off Toni Braxton's silky smooth voice at its best. R&B; or pop, whatever you want to call these songs, all are smooth, quiet, and easy to listen to love songs that make for some excellent slow dancing. My favorites are Another Sad Love Song and Breathe Again. But, all of the songs on this CD are excellent!As an added bonus, the CD's paperwork contains the words to the songs, plus the back is a nice, small poster. I love extras!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In 1982, Steve Howe of Yes, Carl Palmer of Emerson, Lake, and Palmer, Geoff Downes of The Buggles, and John Wetton of King Crimson formed one of Rock's first &quot;supergroups&quot;.  The result of this union was this unvbelievable debut album.  Penned by Wetton and Downes, this album produced the classics &quot;Heat of the Moment&quot; and &quot;Only Time Will Tell&quot;.  This album was released at the same time MTV hit the airwaves, so these songs received many hours of play.  This album still ranks as one of my personal favorites even after 20 years.  I can't get enough of Geoff Downes' keyboard work and especially Carl Palmer's unparalleled drumming.  Each track is first-rate and the insturmentals are perfectly blended.  This album is a must for serious rock music fans."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "What can I say? A pop masterpiece, especially if you sequence &#34;Wouldn't it Be Nice&#34;, &#34;Don't Talk&#34;, &#34;Let's Go Away for a While&#34;, &#34;God Only Knows&#34;, &#34;I Just Wasn't Made for These Times&#34;, &#34;Pet Sounds&#34;, and &#34;Caroline, No&#34;. I would compare &#34;Caroline, No&#34; in particular to Bacharach's and David's and Warwick's &#34;Anyone Who Had a Heart&#34;: as good as the genre gets."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Asia's debut album has sold many millions...and not least for the song \"The Heat of the Moment\" which you probably have heard sometimes even haven't heard the name \"Asia\". There's so many great songs \"Wildest Dreams\", \"Only Time Will Tell\" (ballad), \"Without You\", \"Sole Survivor\"...the funny \"Cutting It Fine\"...and the classic keyboard track \"Here Comes the Feeling\"...John Wetton in vocals made excellent work...he is much better than John Payne who isn't bad either...John Wetton made with Asia two other great albums \"Astra\" and \"Alpha\". John Wetton's voice is very soft and sensitive...just great for this kind of soft progressive rock.Stars: Wildest Dreams, Heat of the Moment, Without You"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Not knowing anyone who doesn't own this, or love this, is not surprising. Tragic Kingdom is what brought No Doubt up the charts, with the classic ska ballad Don't Speak. A lot happend to the band during this album including the band's jealousy of Gwen being the only one noticed. As you listen, you can actually hear the true closeness this band has. This album in particular heads toward a rock-edge, with enough trumpets to explode the sound system. What makes Tragic Kingdom noteworthy is the bands adorable, yet rock-hard tune, and the incredible, fun-loving band itself."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The title track is a perfect Monk-style masterpiece... edgy, dynamic, and captivating.  It's obviously a difficult song to play, but I'm glad Monk had the patience to do it.  &quot;Bolivar&quot; is a stately blues, and &quot;Pannonica&quot; is another catchy blues.  &quot;I Surrender&quot; is a Monk solo song, and the 20-bit recording sounds great.  &quot;Bemsha Swing&quot; is the liveliest of the group, with Max Roach's tympanis providing the swing.  Sonny Rollins plays sax on this, and is of course superb."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a fun record... anyone buying this record looking for salvation will probably be disappointed, but if you want a fun, funky, dance record, then this is it... I love it personally, and it always hypes me up when I listen to it... just listen to the wicked... beats on Revolution 909, the soothing waves on Fresh, the funky bass of Around the World, the discoy feel of High Fidelity... it's great fun, and if you like dance music, you need this in your collection... if you like music you need it, for some variety... it's great fun, pick it up..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "the soft fingerpicked guitar at the beginning of introduction just gets you into this masterwork of an album. nick draakes second album is considered to be his masterpiece, and rightfully so. it is definetly his most up beat album, but thats to nick drakes standards. the album is full of beautiful poetry, nicks humble fingerpicked guitar playing, lush instrumentation, and even horns. northern sky, fly, and hazey jane 1 are probably 3 of the greatest songs ever written by anyone. if you are new to nick, this should be the second album you pick up, after pink moon. but all three of his albums should be in everyones colection"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Five stars isn't sufficient for an album that contains &quot;I've Got You Under My Skin,&quot; one of the great vocal tracks sung by anyone. Many consider this song Sinatra's greatest and Nelson Riddle's arrangement is  nothing short of electric. This is an album where you can put it on, hit  play and never fast forward, all the songs are eminently Sinatraesque and  every single arrangement has a touch of genius.Frank's phrasing is (as  always at this stage of his career) letter perfect. Listen to &quot;It  Happened in Monterey...&quot; never a particular hit, Frank rarely sang it  live, but who cares? It's immortalized here, forever.If you love  Sinatra, you will already have had this on vinyl and cassette (maybe even  eight track). If you're new to Frank, don't hesitate one moment: grab it  and listen to it for the rest of your life."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Like many other \"classics\" from its era, Pet Sounds simply hasn't stood the test of time, not because its sounds weren't ground-breaking for when it came out, but because most of the songs really haven't aged well. \"Wouldn't it Be Nice\" and \"God Only Knows\" are absolute classics, but the best (and best known) of the remaining tracks, \"Sloop John B\", isn't even an original composition, and there's a reason that \"Caroline No\" is probably the only remaining track that non-owners of the album will have ever heard. This album is far more important for the influence it would have on The Beatles as a studio band than as a musical statement by Brian Wilson: it's certainly not unpleasant to listen to, but the second-greatest album of all time, as recently selected by Rolling Stone Magazine? Absurd."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Nick Drake's final album, Pink Moon, was recorded over the span of two days.  Unlike his first two albums, which contained backing of strings, woodwinds and keyboards, Pink Moon is stripped down to bone.  Mr. Drake's expressive guitar takes center stage and the bleak arrangements feed the depressive lyrics.  The title has become famous thanks to its inclusion in a Volkswagon, but it is only one of many stellar tracks.  &quot;Things Behind The Sun&quot;, &quot;From The Morning&quot;, &quot;Road&quot;, &quot;Harvest Breed&quot; and &quot;Rise&quot; all contain dark, brooding, deep and thought provoking lyrics that show a man with clear inner demons."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is surely Don Henley's best album, ripe with not only his trademark sarcastically, clever, and sometimes cynically honest lyrics; but with full-out music and arrangements. Beautiful, reflective songs such as the title track, If Dirt Were Dollars, and New York Minute are among his best. Also, rounding out the album, are heartfelt ballads like The Heart of the Matter and The Last Worthless Evening. The former is one of my favorite ballads, and the latter is noteworthy for it's clever lyrics. If you're looking for a Don Henley album, this wouldn't be a bad place to start."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I stumbled upon this album one day while browsing through music. I was familiar with her 1989 \"Heart of Stone\" release but not this  1987 self-titled album. It really an underrated treasure.I liked \"I found someone\" and \"We all sleep alone\" but I also liked the overall song of \"Main Man\". I really like the opening notes of \"We all sleep alone\".There's not a song on this album I dislike, Cher's powerful vocals sound great performing album-oriented rock material. I can hear and feel the emotions each song is supposed to convey. Diane Warren's songwriting and the production assistance from members of Bon Jovi were the perfect formula.I wish Cher had stayed with this type of material instead of trying to go into techno-disco."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I had to get this CD again, after first having had it on vinyl well over a decade ago.Believe it or not, I can remember well a number of the tracks, despite not having heard them this whole time.'Static' in  particular sticks out for me.  A haunting rendition of moody,  post-holocaust science fiction, one can almost feel the desolation in the  atmosphere.  If you ever have to contemplate nuclear war and its mind  boggling aftermath, you should do so while listening to this song!Just  thinking of Planet P Project gets my creative imaginative juices flowing.  I used to curl up with a good science fiction novel with this on the  stereo-- and nothing has been quite the same since."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A fine singer-songwriter with a sweet, candy-coated voice that belies the 29 years old that she was when she made this album, Lisa Loeb first hit big with the song \"Stay\" from her 1995 album \"Tails,\" and established herself as a talented and heartfelt lyricist. This album, in my opinion, is best carried by songs like \"I Do\" and \"Falling In Love,\" which have sunny guitars and her most cheerful, upbeat singing, but even dark, brooding selections like \"Furious Rose\" and \"Jake,\" are beautifully written and sang with sincere, lilting angst."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Toni Braxton took off like a spaceship in the 1990's. Secrets, her second album, remains as one of the most romantic and simple albums I've ever heard from her. Romantic Ballads like Un-Break My Heart, and In The Late Of Night, showcase her talent in R&amp;B as a strong siren. While dance tracks Come On Over Here and You're Makin Me High, inject an grittier sound in her voice. This is the one album I enjoyed the most that Toni Braxton released. It was really worth the bucks."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A sad, sweeping swansong that easily rates among his greatest works. In fact, it is probably the strongest LP of his career as it is imbued with a coherence and a complexity that binds these shimmering pop songs together.  His voice soars. Years had done nothing to diminish his multi-octave  crooning... and the wisdom of middle age had added a certain poingancy to  each trembling note. These are songs about lost love and broken dreams...  beautifully arranged, breathtakingly sung. The production is a little slick  and compressed, but Roy's voice is captured perfectly. You can hear every  nuance of his phrasing. Sadly,this album is often overlooked. I beleive it  stands as one of a handful of great records from the last two decades...  this from some one who was supposed to be &quot;irrelevant&quot; by the  beginning of the '70's. Roy Orbison, we miss you."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This cd is like putting two Illmatics together and making the beats better.  This has to be the best rap cd ever.  And that is a understatement folks!This album is so good that I don't see why a person wouldn't have this in there collection at all.  I just can't believe Tupac made this cd in such a short time.  If Tupac actually sat down and planned everything out for this album.......This would be the Ultimate album.But cuz of short time......ah what can ya do?  This is a good album by far though.  The only problem I have with it is that........there is no problem and that makes me really mad.  Peace!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Staple SingersBe Altitude: Respect Yourself(1972 Stax - 2011 remastered CD)This is The Staple Singers most popular and best album.  Along with the mega-hits \"Respect Yourself\" and \"I'll Take You There\", the album is filled out with several excellent songs.  This CD also includes two very fine bonus tracks that make this classic Soul/Pop/Gospel album even better.Considering Other Staples Albums:  There is a fantastic 2 CD hits package (\"The Ultimate Staples Singers: A Family Affair 1953-1984\") which will fulfill the desire for a fine overview of The Staples Singers' career, but even having that overview, this original album (\"Respect Yourself\") ought to be a part of your collection as well.The Ultimate Staple Singers: A Family Affair 1955-1984"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "PET SOUNDS is without a doubt a wonderful collection of beautiful harmonies and melodies. Each song is an incredibly well-crafted set piece, individual masterpieces when heard separately. The problem is when they are put together in this package, there is a sameness to the songs. Found in the heart of each song is a gentle, haunting melody without an edge. The songs move seamlessly from one to another and this actually works to their disadvantage; they just are not different enough from each other to be fully appreciated in this setting. Unlike SMILE, where Wilson is able to constantly surprise and amaze, PET SOUNDS is a pleasent and sweet series of songs, I enjoy them but they create a sense of comfort rather than amazement."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a very nice blow session, recorded almost 9 months after the extremely popular Somethin' Else.  Unlike the earlier album, this one is definitely a Cannonball album in style.  Unlike many later albums, this is a blowing session rather than a studio appearance by a live, working band.I'll admit to being lukewarm on Milt Jackson and my judgment of this album is probably affected downward as a result.  Milt's playing is nice here, just not anything that sets me on edge.Like a lot of Cannonball albums from this period, there is a healthy mix of ballads (\"Serves Me Right\"), bebop (\"Groovin' High\"), interesting originals (\"Blues Oriental\" by Milt Jackson) and extremely funky material (\"Sounds for Sid\").  Not a spectacular achievement but a very good one.  Fans of Cannonball's 50s playing will find a lot to enjoy here."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In 1987, Cher was enjoying a successful comeback that had begun in the early '80s with acclaimed roles in films such as Silkwood and Mask.  So, by 1987, Cher, confident in her acting career, decided to set sights on the area which launched her career: music.  She hadn't had a top ten hit since 1979's disco anthem \"Take Me Home\".  Cher's self-titled 1987 album is very much a 1980's album. It's a little dated, but the songwriting and production were so strong, they hold up well.  Songs like \"I Found Someone\", \"We All Sleep Alone\", \"Main Man\", \"Hard Enough Getting Over You\" and a cover of her own \"Bang Bang\" are strong and well-produced.  I would argue that this is a better album than its follow-up, 1989's Heart of Stone, which was even more successful."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is the album that really made me take notice of \"Tha Rrah\"! I gave it a 5 star rating because as a music lover, any album that grabs my attention & allows me to listen all the way through without skipping is classic in my book.  This album just flows from song to song, no production flaws, no songs that jarred my sensabilities.There's not a bad song on this disc but the standouts to me are:You Remind Me of Something - classic slow jam for the 90's(You To Be Happy) w/ Notorious B.I.G. - great collaboDown Low - who can forget that epic videoI Can't Sleep Baby - love this song!Trade in My Life - as powerful as \"I Believe I Can Fly\""}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I don't know why this album gets the props it does. there doesn't seem to be any point where the production or the emceeing tries to grab you....and yet this is heralded as not only a classic, but by many people as the greatest hip hop album ever. It's nowhere near an Illmatic, The Infamous, Stress The Extinction Agenda, 93 to Infinity, any Kool G Rap' early to mid 90's stuff, Stunts Blunts & Hip Hop, Bizarre Ride II The Pharcyde etc, etc, etc...it doesn't even come close to 36 Chambers. I think this album is boring."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a great album. Trust me. And what no one seems to remember is that these guys are Grammy Winners - yes, GRAMMY WINNERS -  for Best Instrumental of the Year for the fantastic D.N.A. from this, their debut album. This is a classic example of a band whose image was so strong ( who can forget THAT HAIR !! ) that it often overshadowed their talent ( another fine example is Culture Club ). Unfortunately, it was all downhill from here, as their popularity ( not to mention their creativity and their stability ) quickly waned. Very upbeat, energetic dance pop-rock, with just enough synths and effects to make it stand out in the crowd. My advice : skip the many \"best of\" compilations and go straight to this one. And when you get ridiculed for playing it, just like you did in high school ( you know who you are... ) do the Flock proud and  wear that freak badge with honor."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a terrific album dating from 1995. Massive Attack use many different vocalists and instrumentalists, and the overall style is slowish urban 90's music with beguiling rhythms and cool voices. It is well produced and quite sophisticated. The title track Protection is one of my all-time favourite tracks by anybody. Tracey Thorn from Everything But The Girl sings this excellent song. Other ones I like are the slow groove Heat Miser and the unusual rhythm of Karmacoma, which I grew to like . There's a live recording of Light My Fire, which proves that Massive Attack are a good live attraction as well as being great in the studio. I listen to this album frequently and I can strongly recommend it to any people who like great music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Originally released in 1975, this looks to be his third solo effort - didn't know (until now) that Vangelis was a member of the Greek progressive band, Aphrodite's Child. Hadn't heard this CD in ages, as I've never really kept up with his work that much. Liked this ageless neo-classical / New Age title more so than I remember. Both tracks here - \"Heaven And Hell, Part 1\" and \"Heaven And Hell, Part 2\" - clocking in at over twenty minutes each. Jon Anderson (Yes) provides the vocals on \"So Long Ago, So Clear\" - a portion of the Part 1 cut, I'm sure I used to hear that song on late night FM radio many moons ago. Thoroughly enjoyed this CD reissue's beautiful symphonic passages that manage to take the listener(s) by surprize. Should appeal to fans of Patrick Moraz, Yanni, Tangerine Dream and Mike Oldfield."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "After years of listenting to metal/rock/pop/... rock, I heard this album...and the world turned on it's head for a moment (for me, of course)...my first intro to something other than 'Free Burd', and although  it took some getting used to, this still remains on my list as one of the  best new-wave/rock classic albums of all time.  The 'best of' they did  covers the hits, but this CD, from start to finish, is a work of new-wave  art - rarely matched by their contemporaries (except maybe the 1st  Pretenders album...).They (The Cars) brought cynicism to a new level,  without being obsessed with anger/etc.  This CD has an underlying power to  it that is unmatched by others - one that will remain as a CD that listened  today (20 years on) for a reason beyond their sheer popularity."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Although &quot;Don't Speak&quot; was terribly overplayed on the airwaves, (so much so, that after a while I used to change the station whenever it came on) this album as a whole is excellent. I enjoy it more now than I did when it first came out. Gwen has a voice that is different from the run-of-the-mill girl vocalists these days. And the band is very talented, the songs are melodic with great riffs and hooks throughout. No Doubt are one of those bands that write, play and sing their own songs. True talent. The booklet contains all lyrics and lots of photos."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's impossible to me, an educated 29 years-old south american man, describe the fellings that been brought to me by Five Leaves Left. As all Nick Drake's records we got here sadness, shyness, fragility and above it  all, beauty. But it's a new kind of beauty, which come from soul, and it's  not just coming from Drake's soul. This music makes our souls more  beautifull than before and I can't explain it with simple words. Songs like  River Man are modern opus of the century, with the strings floating over  the ground, made by Drake's voice and guitar, leading us to a state of  grace and compassion. I know it seems corny, but it's true. Buy this cd now  and be prepared to see the world by another perpective."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Sonny was in his absolute prime when he cut Way Out West. No tennor ever had a better tone than &quot;Newk&quot;, and that includes some very exclusive company, (Clotrane, Getz, Shorter, etc.) The painstaking remastering job here brings out the brillance of his majestic sound. To me Sonny's pharsing has always had the same inherent rhythem as the great post-war singers like Sinatra and Tony Bennett. Without a single bad note or overstated pharse, Way Out West is some of the best hard-bop you'll ever hear. Fortunately Sonny is still going strong and at seventy-something he is still producing vital music for us to enjoy."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Tony (Given his start by former NBA player John Salley), may have only experienced true mainstream success on the back of \"Nobody Knows\" but his consistent talent is there to see for those who explore deeper. As Babyface's protege he has written/produced for Boyz II Men, Toni Braxton and Guy. The artistry of real substance however was kept for himself...Yes THAT single is a modern classic and it's sincere emotional value has touched many a heart but the rest of the album is to a similarly high standard.Personal favourites here in Mr Rich's idiosyncratic, smooth, open style include the second single \"Like A Woman\" and the suitably haunting \"Ghost\". Lyrically he is particularly skilled, many miles ahead of his \"R&B;\" contemporaries.There isn't a weak song on the album so if you are inclined to discover truths for yourself and not buy media hype as gospel, explore this album and enjoy the serene beauty of The Tony Rich Project..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Tragic Kingdom by No Doubt is highly overrated. The songs released were pretty good but after all these years, this album is dated and annoying now. This disc is heavy in ska which is no longer popular, no wonder they had to change their sound after this album. Don't Speak was a great ballad but after you hear it 30,000 times you get sick of it. The only track I still appreciate is Sunday Morning, great hook and chorus. This album is considered their masterpiece, but I've heard better."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Well, I did not order this one from Amazon. Actually, I picked this up way before I was even shopping on Amazon. But Amazon is still the bomb! Anyway, I picked this cd up when it first came out in the 90's and it is STILL on rotation in my cd changer. The ladies love it and so do I. Now, I realize that R. Kelly is in a little trouble but hey, no one is perfect and we've all done things we are not proud of so, I'll continue to support his music. I'm not sure what he does in his personal life but I'll say this; what he does inside the studio allows me to do what I gotta do inside the crib. YMMV! Neosoul06...."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I remember the duet between Babyface and Miss Braxton, and how impressed I was by her vocal abilities..Then she came out with this album!! Oh my god, the woman tore up each and every song!! With Babyface's lyrics and production and her voice, this was one those perfect producer-artist teams that could do no wrong..I still love this album to this day..Most of the songs on this album are R&B classics anyway..You know an album is great when no matter how dated it sounds, its still listenable..If your a fan of women who have powerful voices, pick up this cd..You cannot go wrong!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "You would normally think chick vocals don't fit with &quot;goth&quot; music, but Siouxsie does just the opposite.  She has a good voice that is never overdone behind somewhat-but-not-totally-gloomy guitars.  &quot;Kiss  them for me&quot; is really for me the oldest song I know by them, &amp;  I'm just now getting to know their older stuff.  &quot;Cities in Dust&quot;  &amp; &quot;This Wheel's on Fire&quot; have become my favorite tracks on  the cd.  Just be prepared to probably listen to the first half of the cd  over &amp; over before ever getting to the end of the cd, as that's what I  did."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The world of Charity of Night seems one of fear and blindness, of mob hits (\"Charity of Night\") and prison, whether of the heart (\"Pacing the Cage\") or of metal (\"Night Train\", \"Birmingham Shadows\"), of police states and dissidents.  But the lyrics and the music itself points to a hope beyond the darkness, although certainly one of Cockburn's intentions is, Brecht-like, to create enough angst in us to not forget that there is a world rife with....well, what shall we call it? Terror?  Sin?  Bad Guys?  beyond our speakers. Bruce is a superb musician and his voice is haunting.  A jewel among the Cockburn collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Mystery Girl is thirty-eight minutes and fifteen seconds and was released on February 7, 1989. Mystery Girl reached #5 on the U.S. Billboard 200 Album and #17 on the U.S. Billboard Country Albums and has since gone Triple Platinum. This was Roy Orbison last studio album before his sudden death. The album contained the songs that made the charts and his last number one song as well. To me this is classic Roy Orbison singing. Roy, you will be missed. Mystery Girl by Roy Orbison gets an AAAAA++++++.You Got It#1 U.S. Billboard Adult Contemporary (two weeks at #1)#7 U.S. Billboard Country Singles#2 U.S. Billboard Mainstream Rock#9 U.S. Billboard Hot 100In the Real WorldDream YouA Love So BeautifulCalifornia Blue#51 U.S. Billboard Country SinglesShe's A Mystery To Me#23 U.S. Billboard Adult Contemporary#26 U.S. Billboard Mainstream RockThe ComediansThe Only OneWindsurferCareless Heart"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is the first main stream cd that they dropped and today it's still one of the hardest. When I first heard 976 Bun B in 93 I was like this can't be real. I had never heard anyone flow like this cat before and his style has only gotten stronger. Bun B and Pimp C are the duo way before Outkast and all the other greats to follow. The thing is they just kept getting better with time. If you haven't heard this you are missing out. And the next up Ridin Dirty is a must have as well. I wish I could get the tape samle to this cd that they released. Tell Me Something Good had different words to it than what's on the cd and 976 Bun B had a different beat. Both were a lot harder I tell you. I wish I could find out who stole it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "After peaking at number 22 in 1976 with his first hit \"Love Really Hurts Without You\", Billy Ocean spent the better part of next eight years in near obscurity until he burst back on the scene with the number one hit \"Caribbean Queen (No More Love On The Run)\".  It is an all-time great 80's hit with a slinky dance groove. It was followed up by \"Loverboy\" which was written by rock producer Mutt Lange and topped out at number two. It has a slick rock guitar crunch over a danceable beat.  The title track is a 180 from the first two tracks as it is a straight, syrupy ballad that soared up to number four on the charts.  The album peaked at number 9 and marked the start of Mr. Ocean's brief run as the one of the biggest singers in the world."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Is this the best Jazz album of all time?  Maybe.  Monk is joyful, abstract, and totally in control on this June '57 session.  But what really kills me is the quality of the compositions.  Monk was, in my eyes at least, first and foremost a Composer (yes, with a capital &quot;C&quot;) of the highest order -- I put him right up there with Mozart, Ellington, or Lennon/McCartney.  Every tune on this outstanding release is, quite simply, a masterpiece: &quot;Off Minor&quot;, &quot;Well, You Needn't&quot;, &quot;Ruby, My Dear&quot;, &quot;Crepuscule with Nellie&quot;, and &quot;Epistrophy&quot; are all stunning in their complexity and endlessly rewarding, even after dozens (or, in my case, thousands) of playings.  This is Art (yes, with a capital &quot;A&quot;) of a rare and lasting beauty and a must for any collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is just as solid as his first and then them.B-legit is showing the world that the Clicks sucsess was no fluke and how bright the future for him and the sickwitit family really is...From E-40 and the Click to the  Mossie this is the team thats been here since 92 and I don't see that  changin any time soon....(I was at Philly Blunts studio in Vallejo back in  September of 98 and a heard a new B-legit song that was recorded for his  new album and it was off the hook..I hope it makes the album.....)Watch 4  the new album cuz he keeps gettin better....."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I bought this album mainly for GANGSTA'S PARADISE.  I've never been a huge Coolio fan, but I liked the song.  There were a couple of other good songs on the album, especially the one with the guest appearance by WC (the  Shadiest!).  The lyrics and the beats on that were pretty tight.  The rest  of the album was enjoyable, but nothing outstanding.  The lyrics were  nothing special and the production was mediocre...he needed more work from  Crazy Toones.This album isn't a must have unless you're a Coolio fan,  but it's enjoyable."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you can...tell anyone you know about this CD!Toni has outdone herself: most of the tracks produced by Babyface (including the Summer 1996 # 1 hit YOU'RE MAKING ME HIGH), but with support from David Foster (UN-BREAK MY HEART, written by Diane Warren and one of the best selling singles ever...), R. Kelly (I DON'T WANT TO), Soulshock &amp; Carlin (I LOVE ME SOME HIM, extra nice tune to me...) and Toni Rich Project (COME ON OVER HERE).Add some studio help from Keny G. and a soundtrack tune (LET IT FLOW, from WAITING TO EXHALE), and the 3 bonus remixes of all of the singles off the CD - including the dancefloor anthem for UN-BREAK MY HEART...You will come up with one of the best R'n'B albums ever"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "When any artist's first album is so on fire as Toni Braxton's debut was, it's a pretty safe assumption that subsequent releases will have a hard time living up to it, and that, to a moderate extent, is the case here. She still had some fire left in her, as evidenced on the hip-hoppish but respectable hit \"You're Makin' Me High\" and the emotional ballad \"Unbreak My Heart\". Also good are the ballad \"Let It Flow\" and the sultry, teasing ditty \"Talking In His Sleep.\" Unfortunately, before she had a chance to make a third album, the bankruptcy set in, and since then she has been just a shell of her former self on every album she's made after this one."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "There are precious few flawless albums in rock and roll history.  This is one of them.  Just as Nirvana's \"Nevermind\" singlehandedly turned Grunge into a mainstream phenomenon, so it was for New Wave with the Cars' debut album - And just like Nirvana fostered countless unlistenable imitators, so did the Cars. But I have a choice not to listen to all of the bad New Wave that followed this, and I also have a choice to listen to this impossibly catchy album as long as I have functioning ear drums.For those who are only familiar with the Cars through classic rock radio, this is the Cars CD to get.  It's a rare instance where one of the band's original albums is the first choice over a greatest hits package."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "2Pac emerged hardened and hungry with All Eyez on Me, the first double-disc album of original material in hip-hop history. All Eyez on Me is 2Pac the thug icon in all his brazen excess, throwing off all self-control and letting it all hang out -- even if some of it would have been better kept to himself. In that sense, it's an accurate depiction of what made him such a volatile and compelling personality, despite some undeniable filler. On the plus side, this is easily the best production he's ever had on record. Despite some good moments, the second disc is slowed by filler and countless guest appearances, plus a few too many thug-lovin' divas crooning their loyalty. Erratic though it may be, All Eyez on Me is nonetheless carried off with the assurance of a legend in his own time, and it stands as 2Pac's magnum opus"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Maria soothes the soul with this, her second solo album. Backed by the Jayhawks and old-friends from her Lone Justice days, she rips through the songs--some originals, some cover versions--with abandon. For proof, listen to \"I'm Gonna Soothe You,\" which basically wraps you in its warmth. \"My touch is gentle, my body is warm ...\" she sings, stepping out from the speakers. She's sexy, saucy, inviting and sweet all at once; and envelops you with her passion. Further proof: Her wondrous remake of the Goffin-King classic \"I Can't Make It Alone\"; and her raucous ode to her Lone Justice days, \"My Girlhood Among the Outlaws.\" A true classic - and for $7, a no-brainer. Buy it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In 1992,after catching the attention of Kenneth \"Babyface\" Edmonds and current Arista Records president Antonio \"L.A.\" Reid,Toni Braxton landed a contract with Arista's subsidiary label,LaFace. That label,which is a combination of the nicknames,was founded by Edmonds and Reid. When Braxton's debut album was released the following year,she became an instant success. R&B,rap and hip-hop fans fell in love with her talented singing vocals. The most memorable track from this album is UN-BREAK MY HEART,which is of course,smooth R&B. I just love the sound of Edmonds' guitar on that song. When I first heard the song in 1996 when this album was released,I thought it was Gloria Estefan who recorded it since her voice sounds much like Braxton's. That same year,Edmonds produced Eric Clapton's hit CHANGE THE WORLD from the movie PHENOMENON starring John Travolta. The other songs are great. A few years later,Reid would do business with another great artist,Avril LaVigne."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "After recording several critically acclaimed albums for the GTO and Epic labels that did not exactly set the world on fire, Billy Ocean signed with Jive Records and hooked up with producer Keith Diamond who masterminded this classic 1984 release that made Billy Ocean a true superstar. The uptempo dance numbers &#34;Caribbean Queen (No More Love On The Run)&#34;, &#34;Lover Boy&#34; and &#34;Mystery Lady&#34; all became huge hits but the title track was and is one of the most gorgeous ballads of its time and one which you can still regularly hear on adult contemporary stations throughout the country."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Generally speaking, you could say that there two sides to Alison Krauss and Union Station. The softer melodic side is usually with Alison vocally in front, and the faster bluegrass/country side which often has one of the band members on lead vocals.Though I usually prefer the Alison songs, this two-sides concept gives a fine variation and the fast bluegrass tracks demonstrate what great musicians the Union Station are.Among Alison's songs, which are all great, for me the beautiful pop ballad \"Happiness\" stand out, which also has great harmony vocals by banjoplayer Ron  Block.With at least a handful other great pop/country ballads written by various songwriters like Michael McDonald and Mark Simos this is one of my favourite albums by the group."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I remember being twelve years old when the 12 Play album came out. At the time there really was no other male R&B singer doing it like Mr. Kelly expect for my boy Ralph Tresvant. As I've said in other reviews, R.Kelly's ballads are what make the CD work. Of course everyone knows the singles Your Body's Callin ,It Seems Like You're Ready, Bump & Grind, Sex Me Parts 1 & 2 but there was also the self titled track, the heart-felt cover of Sadie and the sentimental For You. The up-tempo stuff is really weak but the ballads are on-point."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I am a big fan of most all types of techno. The Sneaker Pimps aren't the exception. With a hot lead singer who can sing with a band who make sounds basically, it makes me addicted at some points. The title track, Becoming X is my personal favorite because it reminds me of something Moby would make.On the other hand, Spin Spin Sugar sounds completely different on the CD from its version on the radio. It's much more longer and weirder. She cries at one part of the song. Then she starts laughing. 6 Underground is a perfect song which I still push repeat on. The remix(track 12) wasn't really needed because the only difference is adding the &quot;What's up witchu&quot; part in the background."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Many have heard of the passing of DJ Scott La Rock but somehow, his sidekick KRS-One manage to still hold it down and still bring out another classic album under the name of BDP. Following Criminal Minded with 10 tracks of highly concentrated molecules in the form of By All Means Necessary, KRS still kept his rhymes as fresh as they could get. From My Philosophy to Necessary, the record introduced KRS-One as the peaceful Teacher and foreshadowing his gift for contradiction. The album cover may be very familiar to the famous shoot of Malcolm-X with a gun in his hand but songs like Illegal Business, Jimmy and Stop the Violence dropped science on drugs, sex and violence. With such a powerful voice and untouchable lyrics, KRS-One made us all believe his boasts that BDP would be here forever.Best moments= My Philosophy, Ya Slippin' and Jimmy"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Review no.88.Recorded in 1978,but not released until umteen years later.Looks to be the band's fifth effort.One could say that 'Static Age' was the definitive punk/metal cross over.Featured on this seventeen track disc are three new tunes,which are actually pretty good,\"She\",\"Spinal Remains\" and \"In The Doorway\".Some of the other tunes I thoroughly enjoyed were the title cut \"Static Age\",the ass kickin' \"T.V. Casualty\",\"Teenagers From Mars\" and \"We Are 138\".Should appeal to most fans of Black Flag,Circle Jerks,Fear,Minor Threat and The Cramps(now you're taking!).A should-have."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "On Aaliyah's debut, it ain't hard to tell that R. Kelly found her. Most of the songs sound like Aaliyah is featured on them instead of them being her own songs like &quot;Back and Forth&quot; and &quot;Old School&quot; (R. Kelly's name is even being mentioned in the latter's chorus). One of the only moments that you can feel Aaliyah's ability is on the remake of The Isley Brothers' &quot;At Your Best&quot;. This album is still good to play in your stereo, but if you want a really good Aaliyah album, check out One in a Million (yeah, I know she has another album after that; I meant what I said)."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "But sadly it's not enough to save the album.  Except for that one song the album fails on many levels (Even for rap music) with it's anoying lyrics, bad beats, and even bad rapping!  Personally I think this guy has got some talent and is just afraid to use it.  He proved he's got the skill to be one of the greatest rappers out there with &quot;Gangsta's Paradise,&quot; and in the &quot;Space Jam&quot; soundtrack he (With the help of other rappers) helped make the best rap song I've herd!  He just needs to use some of his talent and he could go far and shove cheap rappers like Eminem out of the way!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Toni Braxton's debut single, &quot;Another Sad Love Song,&quot; caught my attention like no other in 1993. It encouraged me to go out and buy her debut album, and it exceeded my expectations. Every song on this album was  either a hit or had the potential to become a hit. It's a good album to  listen to after a long day, or if you just feel like relaxing. The  highlights include &quot;Breathe Again,&quot; &quot;You Mean The World To  Me,&quot; &quot;Love Shoulda Brought You Home,&quot; and &quot;Best  Friend,&quot; most of which was produced by the then-popular duo of L.A.  and Babyface. One listen of this album proves that it is one to keep for  the ages..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "One of the first pop two-disc box sets is now on one CD. The title refers to Donovan as the \"prince of flower power\", the \"Garden\" being his fans. A must for both young and old. Donovan wrote the liner notes (the first half of the disc's lyrics are very small, being copied from the LP sleeve. The \"Songs For Little Ones\" half begins with the wailing of Donovan's son (probably Donovan Leitch Jr. who was born around the time). Like many of his tunes they are simple and childlike. He even pays tribute to his mentor Derroll Adams in the last song \"Epistle to Derroll\".It should be noticed there are many references to sea and aquatic life (a recurring Donovan theme) so this is the perfect album for a summer's day!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I can't believe Outkast only now is getting recognized because of Speakkerbox/The Love Below. I mean recognized by winning awards, producing other peoples songs, and even becoming movie stars. But this is their true masterpiece in my eyes. Nothing really poppy, straight hard core rap. Favorites are as follow: Two Dope Boyz (In A Cadillac), ATLiens, Wheelz Of Steel, Jazzy Belle, Elevators (Me & You),  Babylon, Mainstream, and E.T. (Extraterrestrial). True Hip Hop Classic. Get this and their other albums before SB/TLB."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Krs-One returned with a vengeance in 93, and dropped a CLASSIC in the form of Return Of The Boom Bap. This album, like every other Krs-One album, represents him in his truest form, always talking about something positive, claiming to be &quot;the teacher&quot; of hip hop, and saying things to leave you thinking. Here's the review:Album Highlights: Krs-One Attacks, Outta Here, Black Cop, Mortal Thought, I Can't Wake Up, Sound Of Da Police, Mad Crew, and Return Of The Boom Bap.Production: Thumbs up.Lyrics and Subject Matter: Thumbs up.Originality: Thumbs up.The Last Word: While NOT as strong as Criminal Minded and By All Means Necessary, this is still Krs at his best. Today, he still remains one of the most influential MCs out there keeping his legacy alive. Overall, I recommend you pick up this album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I recently read a review on the 2005 &#34;Expanded Edition&#34; of this great classic blues album. And could not believe that they would edit out the great guitar work Jeff Beck did on &#34;Mustang Sally&#34; so I bought it and compared the two. And sure enough it's gone along with some other less significant guest work on other cuts. So if you want to hear how this album was intended to be heard, the one that  won blues album of the year, get the original 1991 version FANTASTIC !!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This CD may only have 8 songs on it.  But each one of them is seriously all that.  Its like you can almost feel what they guys in After 7 are singing about.  I still remember hearing \"Cant Stop\".  I didnt know who it was then.  But when i found out.  I knew i'd found another great singing group.  \"One Night\" is hot as well as almost every other cut of this standout CD.I dont care what anyone says.  This CD deserves much props and After 7 deserves more recognition for bringing the goods on this CD.Check this CD out.  You'll wonder why you didnt get it sooner.  Those are my words."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Elvis Costello is one of the music world's smartest artists. He also has a gift for finding the greatest musicians. The bassist, Bruce Thomas, is the most innovative rock player I've ever heard. Elvis' thoughtful lyrics are perfectly suited to his driving band.Unlike most artists, Elvis Costello has an excess of ideas in most songs. He also writes far too many songs. The extra tracks written at the same time are very good and are thankfully included here. Hats off to Rykodisc for treating this artist with the respect he deserves by reissuing these recordings properly. Other record labels should learn alot from them.[DW]"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album will undoubtedly remain one of the best rap albums of all time.  Pac rips it on every track, never falling short of excellent.  &quot;Ambitionz Az A Ridah&quot; is a rap anthem and it's highly unfortunate that Fabolous though that he could do the song any justice.  Eyez proves that it has major staying power it is almost always played at any hood party, with everyone their singing the lyrics to every song.  The title track is amazing, with the haunting beat and Pac's exceptional delivery.  &quot;Life Goes On,&quot; &quot;Only God Can Judge Me,&quot; and &quot;Tradin War Stories&quot; let us take a peek a 2Pac's heart, and we found it's one that we related to.  This is a lyrical masterpiece, to be forever remembered and played."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album still sounds so good.  The songs are simple but driving with great rythm lines and great drumming.  Mr. Danzig has recently in my opinion entered his fat Elvis mode(if you get a chance, you should watch the online video of him getting punched out for being an insufferable jerk), but there is no question as to the brilliance of his vocals on this album.  His voice(to continue the analogy) sounds like a possessed Elvis.  It's amazing.  Angry but in tune.  Static Age is much more in the punk vein of the Ramones, and less like bands the Germs or Black Flag, which Earth A.D. sounds more like.  The songs are all great sing alongs.  Anthems even.  I suppose his lyrics aren't for everyone, but I personally view them as ironic in that sort of dark humor kind of way.  Even if punk isn't your normal cup of tea, you should still give this album a try."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Of the studio albums Tesla has produced, I love &quot;Great radio controversy&quot;. This album may have been overshadowed by the release of better known (at the time) Def Leppard and their album &quot;Hysteria&quot;. However, Tesla countered with probably one of the best written ballads amomg heavier rock bands &quot;the Love song&quot;. I also found &quot;paradise&quot; to be just as powerful. &quot;did it for the money&quot; is another fav of mine. I love the high energy of the album. When I heard &quot;the way it is&quot; I was sold on the cd. I think you will be too. I you like Queensryche, you'll like Tesla. Great band."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "...these boys done f@&amp;ked around and got a triple-double with this!  the production on here is rich and deep...you can play this on your granmama's ol' clock radio and its gonna make you sit up and lissen! it's true, tho, they aint sayin a whole lot...references to drugs and sex are integrated into damn near every verse!  but they are so skilled in creating lyrical landscapes and the production is so tight that true hip hop fans wont complain too much...but if you want insight and meaning then check out mos def, talib, outkast or any of the old school recordings that are still out there.  these boys only wanna keep it crunk."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Showdown is one of the top two or three blues guitar collaborations of all time. Albert Collins, Johnny Copeland, and Robert Cray, all on one record? Unbelievable. But that's what happened, and the result was magic.All three get a chance to show their chops, and all three were on top of their blues guitar game recording this record. The energy, skill, and unbridled joy at performing with talented musicians always brings the best out from other talented musicians. Every cut is excellent.It's a shame that Showdown could have been repeated more often than twice. Both Collins and Copeland are gone, leaving Cray to find other blues greats to jam with, but we will always have Showdown to remember when."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Whitesnake's self-titled album, was great when it came out in 1987, but it has sled a little since.  The bluesy Whitesnake had become part of the hair rock scene in 1987.  David Coverdale, Aynsley Dunbar, John Sykes, Neil Murray and Adrian Vandenberg (who had a hit in '82 \"Burnin' Heart\").  Their 9th studio release broke this band like wildfire.  This album gave us, the rockers \"Children Of The Night\", \"Crying In The Rain\", tremendous track, the Zeppelin clone song \"Still Of The Night\",#79, still one of my favorites from these guys.  The melodic rockers in, \"Give Me All Your Love\", #48, and the ballads that got played to death \"Is This Love\", #1, and \"Here I Go Again\", #2.  They would release \"Slip Of The Tongue\", in 1989."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a CLASSIC. Right up there with Cuban Linx. What GZA lacks in persona he more than makes up for with his wicked intelligent deliveries. He exudes a veteran aura, someone who has been there an done that. GZA cuts right to the chase and gets down in the thick of it in this album. It has a dark and gloomy aesthetic feel to it, which I love. Yo, do yourself a favor and stop reading my review and just buy this sh**t. It is just as good now as it was back in '95...You won't regret it ;)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is where it all started. Every gangsta rapper knows where credit is do.With out this album there would be no 40,snoop or dog pound. There's just a few songs on this album but there very long,most avg over 5 min. This is short's first album and he will always be highly touted for born to mack. The slow lazy high pitch flow that he gives on this album can never be duplicated. All the music was produced by short. The beats are extremly heavy based and simple with a good melody. The hit song on this album is freaky tales, which is almost 10min long! Short comes into his own as a mack daddy and paves the way for all future gangster rappers in the 90's and up. This album was made 1984 and still sounds great even today(not sounding out of date) P.S.Checkout dope fiend beat that's my favorite."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's very much a patchwork, but I like the whole thing, there's alot of those various voices Pac used to play with and theres different types of beats that are mostly good, some dj quik, one with the wind parade sample that Black Moon used for Buckemdown, and then a bunch of beats by some group of guys that use a lot of guitars, but I like them.  16 on Death Row, When I get Free, Wonder if Heaven got a ghetto, etc: 'typical' Pac fare in one way, lots about dying, but there's also a variety of differen phases, some of that real melodramatic \"brenda got a baby\" type stuff, before he perfected his drama.  Both cds are really good to listen to, even if there's no real \"hits\""}
{"label": 9, "raw": "this is a cd that no matter who im with pull this one out and everyone knows the songs and loves this cd. you can never go wrong with 12 play. every R&B fan needs this cd to complete thier collection it is a must have. there are a few songs i dont like, but all the hits on this cd more than make up for them, and he still gets 5 stars because in my opinion some of the best songs of our time are on this cd. another one of those road trip cds to play with old friends. everyone i know loves this cd."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Without a doubt, one of the five best jazz albums ever made is this 1956 masterpiece. Recorded in a single day at Rudy Van Gelder's living room/studio, Sonny Rollins earned his place as a legend with &quot;Saxophone Colossus&quot;. Aided and abetted by powerhouse drummer Max Roach, pianist Tommy Flanagan, and bassist Doug Watkins, the quartet plays with the precision of a chamber orchestra, and swings just as hard. It's not very often that you hear an album where the musicians are so in tune with each other. From the breezy sway of &quot;St. Thomas&quot; to the final notes of &quot;Blue 7&quot;, Rollins and company shows how it should be done. This newly remastered edition finally sounds as great as the original vinyl pressing but without the hefty price you'll shuck out for an original copy. No serious jazz fan should be without a copy of this amazing album in their collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I bought this album after hearing (and loving)&quot;Spiderwebs&quot; and &quot;Don't Speak&quot; on the radio. I fell in love with it the first time I heard it. The only song that is not too good is &quot;World Go Round&quot;, but all the other songs are just too good to drag the record along. My other faves on the album include &quot;Sixteen&quot;, &quot;Different People&quot; and the title track. Sadly, thier other albums can't compare to this one. If you only buy one No Doubt album, this is it! This is one of the best CD's I own (Melanie B.'s &quot;Hot&quot; is the other)and I absolutely adore it. Get ready for a great ride through a &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot;!!:)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Krs-One is another one of those MCs, on a SHORT list of them, whose second album COMPLETELY took the first. By All Means Necessary was EXCELLENT, as he, just like Public Enemy did in 88, brought a conscious and more political state of awareness to hip hop. This album represents Krs in his true form, and it shows on EVERY song. Here's the review:Album Highlights: EVERY song is worth a listen.Production: Thumbs up.Lyrics and Subject Mattere: Thumbs up. Other than Public Enemy, who else was coming this political in 88?Originality: Thumbs up.The Last Word: This was a great moment for hip hop music. Krs-One came back in 88 for this second album and he didn't disappoint. If hip hop was still like this today, it would be so much better. One can only hope. Overall, I strongly recommend this album to any fan of hip hop, if you're into politically charged hip hop."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A top ten all time collection of songs in my heart, some of the most fantastic sax on record, hoppingest tunes and heartfelt recording available.  Simply perfect.  I've given five stars to CDs I know are less than perfect, because I love them, but this is pure.  I don't have to tell you all what you already know about Sonny Rollins and this classic release.  We are all lucky Sonny Rollins has stayed with us so long and shared with us so much.  I'd just like to use this public space to thank Sonny again personally for his kindness in taking the time after a fabulous energy-draining virtuoso performance at Kannai Hall, Yokohama, in May '97, to sign this CD and take photos with me and a friend.  These treasures make me proud.  Thank you Sonny."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is easily E-40's best work. &quot;In a Major Way&quot; is top-notch material from beginning to end. The beats provide classic West Coast g-funk, while 40's flows and linguistics are solid as usual.Nearly every track is equal in calibur, but the 3 stand-outs would probably be the classic &quot;Dusted &amp; Disgusted,&quot; &quot;1-Luv,&quot; and &quot;Spittin.&quot;There's not one weak track on here. If you're into the West Coast sound, and even if you're not, this is an album you should definitely have in your collection.The West could use another album of this calibur these days."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I got Backstreet's debut album a couple years after it came out, but I still thought it was pretty good.  &quot;Quit Playing Games&quot;, &quot;As Long&quot;, &quot;All I Have&quot;, &quot;Everybody&quot;, and &quot;Never Break&quot; are all enough to make you want to buy this album.  Although BSB is adored by millions of pre-teen girls, you shouldn't totally dismiss this album.  However, this is their first album and they have gotten much better over the years.  I never understood how this music is considered &quot;pop&quot; when all it is R&amp;B.  But that's all a part of a critic's job- to neatly place everyone in a particular musical category."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This was on TV all the time to promote Carribean Queen as an 80s classic. I had never heard the song in its entirety, and it clocked in at just above 7 minutes long. Loverboy and Suddenly are also good songs, but not enough for me to rate it higher than a disappointment with the artist as a whole. This is another one of those Cds I found at Wal Mart for 5 bucks. I guess they're still trying to make their money back from the first press. Didn't even include credits, and no lyrics in the package."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Positives: For the most part, this album is straight up Southern funk and good rapping. This is before Outkast got really good but it's still a solid collection of songs. The production is pretty good and you can see the beginning of a strong lyrical duo forming. My favorite track is &quot;Git Up, Git Out&quot; cause I can identify with it.Negatives: Becuase I heard their best album to date, Aquemini, before this one, I expected more in terms of production and lyrics. If I would have heard this album before I heard their more recent stuff, I would have said this album was pretty dope. Overall, this is good Southern rap."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The 1954 album Bags Groove by Miles Davis and the Modern Jazz Giants, who feature Thelonious Monk and Sonny Rollins, among others, is one of the best albums of the Miles Davis' early career. The band is incredible, with some of the top musicians of the time and of all time. The songs Doxy and But Not For Me are the least impressive songs on the album and aren't very strong, which slightly hurts the album, but not too much. The title track is great with some inspired trumpet playing by Miles. The two Sonny Rollins tunes, Airegin and Oleo are the highlights of the album. Both are really great songs that would become standards for both Sonny Rollins and Miles Davis. True, this is not the best album by Miles Davis, and maybee not even one of the best. It is still great, however, and is worth it just to hear Miles and Sonny soloing being backed by Monk."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Hailed by Columbia at the time of its release as a masterpiece and trashed by many critics expecting business as ususal from EC & The Attractions, Imperial Bedroom stands as a pivotal album in EC's career. Why? Because he created a diverse musical experience echoing everything from the Tin Pan Alley gaints to his British music idols (most notably The Beatles). It's technicolor production and sweeping lyrical themes make it one of the top 100 albums of all time. Imperial Bedroom along with This Year's Model, Armed Forces, Blood & Chocolate and King of America represent early Costello at his best; intelligent, witty and musical adept at adopting a number of musical styles.This reissue has stunning sound, complete liner notes by EC, complete lyrics as well as a second disc that includes the bonus tracks from the Ryko release. Add to that the alternate takes, demos and you have a reissue worth having. Price as a single disc collection, Imperial Bedroom is well worth purchasing again just to have all the extra"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I have several Rollins albums in my collection like \"The Bridge\", \"Alfie\" and \"Saxophone Collosus\" but this one gets the most play on my system. Why?  It is a very free form Rollins captured spontaneously in the studio with probably the most empathetic sidemen he has ever had:  Shelly Manne and Ray Brown!!  A perfect example of this is when Manne completes the drum roll on his solo, Rollins duplicates this on his sax--pure alchemy!!  So if you're starting a Rollins collection, start with this one or \"Saxophone Collosus\"--you can't lose on either one!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "When I first heard some of the tracks on this record, my feelings were,&quot;Just what I needed.  More bland pop music.&quot;  However, time has definitely made me change my tune on this batch.  These songs are all written with heavy emotion.  Whereas the tone is quite sad and disillusional, it rings of many honest and true sentiments.  New York Minute is the real gem here as anything can truly change in the blink of the eye. Heart Of The Matter has a captivating hook and Bruce Hornsby adds the right touches on the title track. The touching horn and keyboard arrangments really make Don Henley's music stand up when compared to his former band mates work.  And his lyrics are so original and real that it balances out some of bland moments. This collection is definitely worthy of my respect."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If there was any Wu-Tang member that could make a solid album between the 36 Chambers and Wu-Tang Forever era, it would be GZA. Every member of the Wu-Tang was talented and created in their own ways, but GZA knows how to make a phenomenal underground rap album. Unlike the majority of rap \"stars\" nowadays, GZA can craft excellent lyrics. The vintage kung fu sound clips also give it an extra step up. RZA did an excellent job in producing this album. With \"Liquid Swords\", GZA tells us how rap should be done: with meaningful lyrics, talent, distinctive vocal styles, and the soul of the Wu-Tang. A must own for the underground rap fan."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I think this is an album where either you're into it, or you aren't -- it isn't an issue of whether it's a \"good\" record, or a \"bad\" one.  As a fan of Costello's early work, as well as a fairly well-informed country fan, I've found this to be an album that's grown on me over the years. He knew what is was doing, and he did it well. (DJ Joe Sixpack, Slipcue Guide To Country Music)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is one of those bands that I can simply not compare to anyone. But sometimes those are the best ones. It's a great album from my senior year, that is probably better than I can put into words. My favorite song is &quot;Sweethearts&quot;. It's just got great guitar work, and an overall happy strummin' melody. Violin adds alot to many of these songs as well, especially on the great track &quot;Pictures Of Matchstick Men&quot;. They do it very well. Other cool songs are &quot;Borderline&quot; and &quot;All Her Favorite Fruit&quot;. After this album, &quot;David Lowery&quot; went on to do &quot;Cracker&quot;, and I think &quot;Morgan Fichter&quot; worked some with &quot;10,000 Maniacs&quot; and &quot;Jane's Addiction&quot;. But overall, not much satisfies like &quot;Key Lime Pie&quot;."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "You Gotta Sin to Get Saved is her 1993 recording and her second solo album and is a straight forward rock and pop album that I picked up at my local library. It is far from bad but then again there is nothing special about it either. Heatseekers is the only song that charted on the billboard coming in at a respectable 12th position. The book-let is a travesty with font that is impossible to read, photos that look like a joke. The cover is not that nice and Ms Mckee looks drab in what she wears like she lacked a sense of fashion."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a classic cd, period.  KRS-1 is a living legend, and this is him at his prime.  Songs like \"My Philosophy,\" \"Illegal Business,\" \"Stop the Violence,\" and \"Still #1\" are some of the most quoted/sampled in the last 20 years of hip hop.  If you think you don't know anything by KRS-1, one listen of this cd would prove you wrong  The list of rappers who have sampled or quoted songs on this cd is inexhaustible.  This was big when it came out in 88, and it sounds just as fresh today.  This is a gem among diamonds, a true hip hop classic. Even in Scott La Rock's absence, the production is stellar.  The lyrics are top-notch.  As close to a perfect hip-hop record as possible."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Billy Ocean was one the most pleasant and emblematic figures of the pop movement between the early seventies. His repertoire was composed by easy to listen ballads and swinging pieces that were influence by the rhythm & soul. He is visibly influenced by Marvin Gaye, Lou Rawls and a little bit of Barry White. He was owner of a natural sympathy and unique charisma that so many successful moments gave us along his career.This compilation confirms why he was the figure he was. Don't miss this important album, part of the musical history."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This CD packed a powerful punch when it hit the streets and airwaves.  Toni was at the the top of the game before the industry pushed mannequins and Barbie dolls into the spotlight and shoved their non-singing selves down America's throat..(forgive me..small rant). Anyway, Toni puts down this set in a real way..she sings from her soul and does a great job on each song.  Yes, I still play this CD.  It's a much more mature set than her first CD and better produced than her subsequent releases.  Hope one day she gets back in the studio and gives her some quality adult music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "When I first heard QUIT PLAYING GAMES on the radio, I went crazy trying to find out who sung it.  Who had every heard of THE BACKSTREET BOYS anyway?  Well no one is asking that question anymore, since these great looking,  talented young guys have risen in the music world and can sell out a  stadium in less than 10 minutes!  This cd contains all their popular hits  from the late nineties.  You'll sing along and dance and really enjoy  adding this to your &quot;favorites&quot; collection.  And of course,  MILLENNIUM is out of this world too!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Yes I admit this was a good record, and sold over 7 million copies what ever! MR&gt;SKQUINTO again Paula was just new yes HOT was was predicted to last.  But better than Madonna and Janet BOY you got issues. Wheres Paula now? But I must say Forever your girl is a good album, But its forgoten, Even madonna's true blue is still is notice especially the album cover, sold more than 7.4 million copies in the US alone ill throw that in for record. Paula had her time, but now shes KNOCKED OUT!!! by madonna and janet..........................................."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"Wild Things Run Fast\" is an unforgettable album with many different atmospheres. It open with the beautifully nostalgic \"Chinese Cafe\" than launches right into the riff heavy sprawl of the title track. Touching on smooth & lovely jazz on numbers like \"Moon At The Window\" & \"Ladie's Man\" then switching back into rock & roll soul romps such as \"You Dream Flat Tires\" & \"You're So Square\". Other amazing moments include the melodic flipped-collar Vienna dreamscape of \"Underneath The Streetlight\" & the appropriately suave \"Be Cool\", & ending with the wonderful \"Love\" whichs rings true for everyone. She proclaims:\"Love suffers longLove is kind!Enduring all thingsLove has no evil in mindIf I had the gift of prophecyAnd all the knowledgeAnd the faith to move the mountainsEven if I understood all of the mysteriesIf I didn't have loveI'd be nothing.\"This is a wonderful expreimental album with fun & also introverted moments. It's well worth it! Highly recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "...I love this because it has that ultro long version of &quot;Walk On By&quot; (I used to boast to my 45 singles buying friends that they did not know how much they were being cheated)(Da-da DA-da DA-da Daaah-Duuum!) and the big hit you never get to hear anywhere--not even on classic soul radio--&quot;By the Time I Get to Phoenix&quot;...where you can imagine that dude going back to the hills of Tennessee after Iko's fabulous set up. The Barkays and the precursors to the Movement? Awesome. Get it and blow your mind."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "15 years after this album came out and I am still enjoying this release. The first time I heard the lyrics of I'm a player, I was in high school and it took me 2 days to learn the lyrics. That's how much I was listening to this album. The beats are dope and  too short's lazy flow is right on point. This album is a classic. It is probably my favorite too short album next to Life is.....too short and cocktails. Definitely a must for your collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"Everybody Have Fun\" and \"Let's Go\" are terrific pop songs, catchy and with a beat.  I must've heard them (involuntarily) hundreds of times on my health club sound system over the years.  They are quite good.  \"Hypnotize Me\" and \"Eyes of the Girl\" are pretty good, too.  The rest are dull and boring, and the last one, \"World in Which We Live\" is pretty awful.I bought this record on vinyl when it came out, and rarely had the patience to sift through the tracks by lifting and dropping the needle.  Now, with all my music on my computer, I can pick and choose, and I've put the above four tracks onto my hard disc.  But for those of you looking to shell out money for a good new CD, it probably isn't worth it.  The four good songs are probably on some best-of collection, a better choice."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Damn!  When the sax comes in at the climax (no pun intended)of &quot;Help Me Love&quot; you just have to take your lover in your arms and dance.  This is just one of so many brilliant moments to be found in the two sprawling discs of &quot;Black Moses.&quot;  Isaac Hayes' orchestrations and musical conceptions transcend any notion of the 1970s or &quot;soul music&quot; for that matter.  The much-sampled &quot;Ike's Rap&quot; movements deserve special mention as well.  You need this in your life."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Realesed in 1966 Pet Sounds by The Beach Boys is loved by critics and well anyone who likes the Beach Boys. Pet Sounds is one of those albums that are just not able to created ever again. By this time Brian Wilson who had suffered a nervous breakdown while on tour with The Beach Boys now remains in the studio writing and recording new material. Pet Sounds shows the bands growth from there humble beginnings to more complex songs and much more greater album compared too there earlier ones... Highly influentail album that has even influenced the Sgt. Peppers. Such classics as, \"Sloop John B\", and \"God Only Knows\", remain classic songs too this day. Albums like this come around once in a lifetime. Pet Sounds is a pop, rock, and psychedelic album and explored Brian Wilson's exploration of the drug LSD. So what are you wating for the only Beach Boys album you will ever need buy Pet Sounds todayYou wont be dissapointed"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "One word comes to mind when describing this album....classic.  Anyone that tells you otherwise doesn't know what a classic hip hop album should sound like.  Outkast narrorates ghetto tales on top of some of the funkiest beats I've ever heard.  And unlike most southern acts, they got rhyming skills.  I normally rate each song seprately, but there's no need to because the entire album is fire.  If you haven't heard this album, then stop reading this review and go get it......right now!Hottest of The Hot Songs:SouthernplayalisticadillacmuzikPlayer's BallMyintrotoletuknowGit Up, Git Out feat. Goodie MobClaimin' TrueCrumblin' ErbFunky RideHootie Hoo"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Paris is one of the many hip-hip artist from the early 1990's that didnt get alot of airplay, and mainly sold records on word of mouth. Let me tell you that even though Paris's other releases aren't as strong as this, \"The Devil Made me Do It\" has flavor that most hip-hop has lost today, and that is dealing with racial tensions, political issues, and Black History (ex..Black Panthers) The beats are also mind blowing, and this album is very Hard for the time that it was released. Even though the album is somewhat dated, it still is a treasure, and I hope people that are infactuated with todays hip-hop could take a few steps back and pick up an album of such importance. This CD belongs in EVERYONES collection. Its that good! (i only gave if 4 stars because even though it is a classic, there are some poor filler tunes here) ENJOY"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Old Asia was great, wasn't it?  I've had this album for several years now and it's still one of the best CD's in my collection.  To me all three of Asia's albums are gems.  Steve Howe's aggressive guitars combined with  Geoff Down's elegant and at times catchy keyboard playing, not to mention  the killer choruses, make this and all their albums come alive.  There are  no real highlights on this album because all the songs are GREAT!  To me  none of them stand out any more than the others.  The only song I don't  like quite as much as the rest of the tracks is &quot;One Step  Closer.&quot;  But even that song is no slouch.  Any fans out there of  progressive rock don't pass this one up!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I am spending time filling in the gaps that I missed out on during the 60s and 70s. I grew up with the better known 'John Barleycorn..' and 'Low Spark..', but recently (thanks to the classic 1983 Rolling Stone Record Guide)acquired 'Mr Fantasy' and their 2nd album 'Traffic'. Both knock the spots off the later Traffic, and while the critics gave 'Mr Fantasy' only 4 stars I rate it one of the best albums ever. Two songs on this album, namely 'No name, no face, not number' and 'Mr Fantasy' must be amongst the best rock songs ever, ever written (to say nothing of Steve Winwood's ethereal singing!). Regarding the issue about the US versus UK versions, I was fortunate to but a recently re-mastered CD that has both on it! Get that one, then sit back like a happy cat and lick the cream..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This was the first album of the Staple Singers that I purchased on CD. I mainly got it to find out how their hit Respect Yourself sounds as well as I'll Take You There. I'm sure pleased that I did get this CD. Respect Yourself is almost five minutes long (while the single of it was only three and a half); this song is one of my favorite of theirs, as it tells you that if you disrespect anybody that you run into, you are disrespecting yourself as well. That is a great song. I also love I'll Take You There. The single of it is about three and a half minutes long, but on this album, you get the song in extended form. Love this song too!! I also like: This World, Are You Sure, We the People, I'm Just Another Soldier, and Name the Missing Word. Love this group. I have every one of their Stax album titles on CD. These folks are full of soul!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "On her 3rd CD Alison Krauss does not break stride.  &quot;I've Got That Old Feeling&quot; is chock-a-block FULL of the beautiful ballads that have made her famous with her angelically emotive voice, but it is also perhaps the best showcase for her ability to perform more up-tempo pieces, such as &quot;Dark Skies&quot; and &quot;Will You Be Leaving?&quot; The supporting cast here performs perfectly.How many albums do you have that have perhaps a few good songs on it, but just as many songs that are just filler - instantly forgettable and barely listenable?  This is a CD with NO filler.  Every cut is a &quot;keeper&quot; and I could just listen to the whole thing back to back over and over again.Alison Krauss is a national treasure, and this recording is one reason why."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Truth be known, I'd probably keep this over his \"Hits\" disc. I say that because three of his absolute best songs are here in their original form, and some of his other hits border on cheese. Plus there's other good stuff here too. \"Caribbean Queen (no more love on the run)\" was a huge hit, as was the ballad \"Suddenly\", and I think my favorite is easily \"Loverboy\". Plus this has the minor hit \"Mystery Lady\", and a decent cover of \"The Long And Winding Road\". That's over half the album, and the remaining four songs I'd call good filler. Any fan of 80's pop/soul should consider this a must own."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is, by far, Too Short's best album.  The whole thing is full of his unique, laid back flow and Yay Area beats.  IN THE TRUNK and I AIN'T NOTHIN' BUT A DOG are the best songs, epitomizing Short's lifestyle.  IN  THE TRUNK has the funkiest beat, and the bass...you get submerged in it.  The production on the whole album is tight and Short Dog lays it all out  for the world to see:  the Oaktown lifestyle.  He's an Oakland Vet and  wants everybody to know it.  This is a no compromise album and one of the  best in my collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "THIS WHOLE ALBUM IS STRAIGHT GRIMMEY FROM PRODUCTION,BEATS AND, LYRICS. BUT, LYRICALLY IT'S JUST SIMPLY PUT GENIUS. THE THOUGHTS PROCESS TO CREATE THIS ALBUM FROM TOP TO BOTTOM IS PURE DARK BEAUTIFUL HIP HOP POETRY. THERES EXCELLENT GUEST VERSES FROM FELLOW CLANS MEN WHO BROUGHT THERE A* GAME TO THIS PROJECT. STANDOUT GUEST VERSES ON THIS RECORD ARE GHOSTFACE KILLAH ON 4TH CHAMBER. METHOD MAN ON SHADOWBOXIN' RAEKWON AND GHOSTFACE ON INVESTIGATIVE REPORTS. THE PRODUCTION FROM THE RZA AND BEATS ARE INCREDIBLE. YOU CAN PLAY THE WHOLE ALBUM WITHOUT SKIPPING 1 TRACK. PUT LIQUID SWORDS ON FOR ANYONE THAT HASN'T HEARD IT AND INSTANTLY BLOWS THEM AWAY."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Something brilliant. That's exactly what happens when you turn Cher into nothing short of a rock Goddess, and mix her with Jon Bon Jovi, Richie Sambora, and Desmond Child. Aswell as these HOT producers, there's also production from Michael Bolton, Peter Asher and Jon Lind. This is honestly one of Cher's best ever albums. All of the tracks are brilliant, but my favourites are obviously the ones produced by Jon, Richie and Desmond!! (We All Sleep Alone, which is my favourite Cher song ever, Bang-Bang, Main Man, Give Our Love A Fightin' Chance, Perfection and Working Girl, though I really like I Found Someone, too!) I love them all! :)I think her later work is also great (Believe, Living Proof, etc...), though she should've stuck to Jon, Richie and Desmond! ;)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I've recently been wanting to discover different types of music & artists from legendary female singers and Joni Mitchell was mentioned to me.  I must admit, I knew who she was but never had the pleasure to experience her music until I picked \"Night Ride Home\" as my first Joni Mitchell album.  Listening to this haunting album, I discovered her lyrics are extremely deep and complex, which is something a true artist/poet can only possess.  Overall this is true art from a true poet, absolutely wonderful!.  Up next for me \"Blue\" and \"Hejira.\""}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The GZA is a lyrical swordsman. This guy says things that make you go back and think. This album, Liquid Swords, truly defines the classic Wu-Tang sound, just like the first Wu-Tang Clan album and the first Raekwon album before it. The GZA was at his absolute best on this album, and it shows in his lyrics. Here's the review:Album Highlights: The entire album.Production: Thumbs up. Once again, The Rza cooks up another production masterpiece.Lyrics and Subject Matter: Thumbs up.Originality: Thumbs up.The Last Word: Other GZA albums after this have not lived up to this release. GZA released this at a good time in hip hop. Hip Hop music right now needs releases like this. Overall, this album is BRILLIANT. It's the classic Wu-Tang sound in all of its glory, and for that I strongly recommend that you purchase this album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I first heard of B-Legit on 2Pac's \"All Eyez On Me\" and 40 Water's \"In A Major Way,\" and I am glad I did!  B-Legit's 2nd album \"The Hemp Museum,\" is tight.  It is straight hard-hittin' g-funk you can bend corners to and lowride to!  He keeps it old school on \"Neva Bite\" (#7)with whiny synths and a faint use of a talk box in the hook.  #6, \"Hemp Museum\" is laid back, funky, and fresh, one to hit switches to, or ride with the top down!! \"For So Long\" (#3) is also tight with a kickin' beat and use of the whiny synths.  Be sure \"Check It Out,\" and cop it!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This cd is so damn grimey like crazy. Every track has the most dark/grimiest beat you can think of. Wow and is GZA a genius?? He writes better lyrics than anyone else in the damn Wu-Tang and he could rip up any other fake rapper out there any day! This cd is tight as sh*t!!!!It also has a tight ass CD cover. He has more of a laid back style of rapping, and he raps perfectly with these beats. The track LABELS is a classic, so check that one out. This album is known as one of the best solo wu releases, and let me tell you it is!!! So cop this wu fans!!!!Peace!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This CD is a treat from start to finish. I like the mix of well known and not so well known songs, and I especially like Moritat (\"Mack the Knife\") for its straight forward delivery, true to the original rhythm and swing, and a saxophone solo by Sonny that is unparalleled in recorded jazz history. I've never had any issues with Van Gelder re-mixes, and I can confirm that there are a few blips here and there, but I don't consider them distracting and the music can still be easily enjoyed. Fans of sax jazz simply must buy this recording, and I don't see how any serious fan of jazz can be without it. If you are looking for something to broaden a non-jazz oriented music collection, I think this might be a good candidate for you, simply because the music is so much fun. Let 'er rip!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Beach Boys/ Pet Sounds (The complete Albums in Stereo & Mono):  This is a beautiful and absolutely classic album.  This particular single CD version of it gives us both the Mono and Stereo mixes.  Both are great.  I originally did not want to buy a bunch of individual albums by the Beach Boys.  I wanting instead a good compilation but, having been disappointed with the five-disk history set, I turned to the original albums.  I had the old LP of Pet Sounds many years ago and this CD is a revelation of brilliance and clarity.  I could not be happier with this CD, and am glad that I was not forced to buy the multi-disk Pet Sounds Sessions in order to own the album.  Highly Recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is the most perfect 30 minutes you could buy.It is one whole suite not individual songs; each new song intensifying the last.PINK MOON opens and comes as a warning &quot;its gonna get you all&quot;.  What follows are songs that capture emotions indescribable, Pure Blues.  HORN is minimal to say the least, single notes express thoughts clearly.The last 3 songs are my favorite, Drake's guitar playing is excellent on these.  I cannot imagine how it is just him playing one acoustic guitar and thats it.  There is so much more going on.  His finger picking and the tone that he gets from his guitar are almost impossible to replicate.  Combined with his voice and lyrical interplay its just brilliant.Listening to this record is like a wiping clean all stresses and problems in your life.  Pure and Simple melodies to soothe your soul."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I remember reading an interview in 1982 where Elvis Costello expressed his desire to have someone like Frank Sinatra cover his tunes (as opposed to Linda Ronstadt). Out of that urge came IMPERIAL BEDROOM, and it shows wonderfully. Whether Elvis Costello was simply maturing or just displaying a side of his songwriting talent that he had to suppress for so long, I couldn't say. But IMPERIAL BEDROOM was certainly an ambitious and far-reaching album. &quot;Man Out of Time&quot;, &quot;Shabby Doll&quot; and &quot;Beyond Belief&quot; are incredibly brilliant compositions that, frankly, stunned me back in 1982. I couldn't get over the mix of sophistication and drama in these melodies. While I knew Costello was incredibly talented, I honestly didn't know he had such range.I don't think that Ol' Blue Eyes even bothered to listen to anything on this album--seriously doubt it. But for my money, just for the first few songs alone, this cd is worth every penny."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Massive Attack's first album, BLUE LINES, was an exciting and novel release that offered a range of superb tracks that didn't let the listener down. Four years later, Massive Attack released PROTECTION, and this trip-hop band tripped up a little.PROTECTION nowhere offers the consistency that BLUE LINES did, and many of the songs are rather weak, especially the title track and &quot;Three.&quot; The last track, a live performance of The Doors' &quot;Light My Fire&quot;, seems pretty out-of-place.However, there are a couple of great tracks which stop this from being a bad album, the ganja-influenced &quot;Eurochild&quot; and &quot;Karmacoma,&quot; and the ambient &quot;Heat Miser.&quot; This songs make the album listenable, but somewhat disappointing all in all.Happily, Massive Attack's next release, 1998's MEZZANINE, is one of the best rock albums ever, and regains the perfection (surpasses it, in fact) of BLUE LINES."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "First song, 20 minutes &quot;Crises&quot; is as good as &quot;Tubular bells&quot;.  The first 2 minutes are maybe a bit too new age but the rest is really uncredible especially the Watcher and the tower part.  The great Admam Ant is playing guitar on this song.Song &quot;In high places&quot; is sang by Jon Anderson (I just can't resist him).  I did not know it was Oldfield who did &quot;Shadow on the wall&quot;, a song that I liked a lot back in early 80's.  Well, it is on this album.  &quot;Taurus&quot; is a excellent  accoustic guitar piece.The 2 others songs are okay but I am not attracted to women's voice."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The first CD put out by Ben Folds Five is the beginning of an era. True, it may not have the same sound as &quot;Whatever,&quot; but I assure it is still the masterwork of Ben Folds. As readings about the album shows, Ben mixes from the best, taking the styles of Gerscwinn, Jerry Lee Lewis, and even Little Richard. This is a fun album to listen to. Ben puts forth an amazing amount of feeling through his intriguing lyrics and style of play. Try it out, I am sure that you if you are a fan of the piano, you will be a fan of this album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I had to write this. I am a huge e-40 fan since 1993. After listening to all his cds. This is the best. Its his best beats and most creavtive lyrics and styles on this cd. I love the songs sprinkle me,dusted and Disgusted with 2pac, and one love. He made videos for all of those. This came out in 96 and he was just starting to make a national name for himself. He never matched this masterpeice.He still never really gets airplay he deserves. But get this cd."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is one of the best RandB singers with a soft touch I really did like his music he had so many good songs I really did like Billy I still hear his music on the radio now he sings so well that you understand every word that he says I would truly recommend anoyone who likes Rand B music to definitely buy this album because it contains a lot of good songs from Billy . It contains: Love Zone, Loverboy, When The Going Gets Tough The Tough Gets Going, Caribbean Queen, Suddenly, Sad Songs, and many other good songs so therefore this is a very nice album I really do enjoy this album!!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Say what you will about Paula Abdul--she doesn't sing very well and her music is often derivative--but one thing is certain: she came out with some of the catchiest songs of the 1980s. This album has all the ingredients of a hit: sharp beats, slammin' grooves, and Abdul's whiny voice, which, in a strange way, sounds good.  Standouts include &quot;The Way That You Love Me,&quot; the Babyface-penned &quot;Knocked Out,&quot; and the memorable &quot;Cold Hearted.&quot;  In the age of pale imitators like Britney Spears, we need an artist like Abdul more badly now than ever.  She was never remembered as a &quot;deep&quot; artist like poseur Alanis Morrissette, but she delivered some well-crafted pop tunes in her day."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Critics trashed this album when it came out.  Too polished, overproduced, not like down and dirty.........blah blah blah.This is a great album that showcases their growth and success.  Everybody really does a good job on this album.  This second album has more great songs than their third Album &quot;money and muscle, and better performances, and more mature than Down and Dirty.  Definite satisfaction.Take the down and dirty album and add about million dollars worth of production value and you get this album.  The group probably won't make a fourth album so this is the one everyone will remember."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I remember when Planet P Project first release the debut lp.  It was something that was really hard to label for sure.  Then I went and purchased the CD in the 90's.  The sound was OK and did not offer any additional bonus tracks.  This re-master with bonus tracks is just, as Dick Vitale would say, \"awesome baby.\"  While some of the songs have a slowed tempo you really have to appreciate how well crafted the tunes are.  Sadly, Planet P really did not do anything that came close to this release commercially or creatively.  This IS the CD to have with the bonus tracks and it being remastered shows the true strengths of this release."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This band is truly terrible. First off, the music is terrible. It's soft and wimpy and lacks any musical credibility. I'm not just saying this because I hate punk. I don't see how anyone can like this. The singer (or singers) have no excuse to BE singing. Don't believe me? Check out &quot;Daddy Was a Rich Man&quot;. Or pretty much any of their songs. The lyrics are so ridiculous. I appreciate anti-political manifesto very much. The reason they are ridiculous is because they couldn't have made it more obvious that they don't know what they're talking about. All they do is whine. What's the matter, guys? Didn't mommy and daddy give you whatever you wanted? They wouldn't let you take the car out last night? What a joke! As is all punk rock with the exception of a select few who decide to rise above the punk cliche. You want angry music with actual TALENT? Listen to metal."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "very overlooked album!Hardcore fans may not like it...they lost one of their band members and it sounds somewhat commercial at times and different than their past stuff...but I love it!  It still has a DM feel to it.Barrel of a Gun is perhaps the most experimental....you'll think &quot;wait..is this DM I'm listening to?&quot; Home is simply beautiful and breath taking...Its No Good is great and catchy...and from there, every track is fantastic...be sure and check out Freestate...another beauty...this may not be a sure fire classic like Violator....but its a great disc if your very familiar with the band."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"Pink Moon\"(1972)...is the 3rd and final recording we were blessed with by Nick Drake...This album consists of Nick alone-vocals,acoustic guitar and piano-where on his previous releases \"Five Leaves Left\"(1969) and \"Bryter Layter\"(1970)...he was accompanied by studio musicians, also featuring John Cale, and with bass and string arrangements provided by the Excellent Robert Kirby...Pink Moon is an essential piece of music history...and will be forever recognized as some of Nick's finest work...Although ANY of the [3] albums are sure to please...I own all [3] and would be lost without them...How strange that Nick died in 1974...5 years(leaves)after the album \"Five Leaves Left\" was released...He is sadly missed-a poet, a wisened old soul who died at an all too early age...yet the perfect age to preserve who and what he was."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I just received this remastered classic from Amazon and it is ASTOUNDING ! I can't believe it took me so long to pick this up. Miles sounds as good as I've ever heard him and the rest of the musicians are also at their best particularly Milt Jackson on the title track.  Monk sounds a bit tentative and the story is that Miles asked him to sit out while he took his solo but Monk came through when it was his time to comp behind Jackson's solo and take his own solo. He sounds inventive and unmistakably Monk. Horace Silver and Sonny Rollins both sound wonderful and the tracks where they are featured really swing. The heart of this fine CD is the incredible rhythm section of Percy Heath and Keny Clarke. These guys were rock solid throughout this session and with the remastering Heath's bass lines just jump through the speakers.Do not hesitate to purchase this. You will be glad you did."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Lay whatever you have heard before aside.  Put aside all your pre-conceived notions about what &quot;great&quot; Miles actually is.  Try not to think of any &quot;concept&quot; albums, or story-line albums.  This  one will speak for itself.This, by far, is the best, and certainly my  favorite, Miles release ever.  What an incredibly broad thing to say about  such a legend!  I know. And before you either wholly dismiss me, or begin  cussing me, hear me out.Out of all the Miles I own, this is the one I  reach for time, after time, after time.  It is amazing.  It is beautiful,  from start to finish. This is exactly like &quot;Chet&quot; by Chet Baker.  It just doesn't get any better.You will love this, and if you give it  the chance, you will understand what I mean."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "&quot;Jazz Samba&quot; is such a great album that only one other bossa nova album exceeds its quality- &quot;Getz/Gilberto&quot;.  Getz and Byrd, jazz musicians, not only introduce Brazilian bossa nova to a larger audience, but do so in a way that is timeless.Many of the compositions here have become classics of our culture, &quot;Desifinda&quot;, &quot;Samba de Uma Nota S&oacute;&quot; and &quot;O Pato&quot;.  Don't worry if you don't recognize the titles, once you hear them you recognize the music.If you have &quot;Getz/Gilberto&quot; than &quot;Jazz Samba&quot; won't disappoint.  This is great music that belongs in everyone's collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Don Henley has faced his fair share of personal troubles. Busted for &quot;entertaining&quot; underage prostitutes, smeared (along with the rest of the Eagles) by Rolling Stone on a regular basis and never quite taken  seriously as a songwriter by critics, The Age Of Innocence is timely  revenge.Easily as good as and less dated sounding than Building The  Perfect Beast, this album showed that Henley was both the most talented of  the Eagles and capable of a self reflection not previously seen in his  work.Sadly, those of us who are fans are going to have to wait for that  fourth solo album as the Eagles are getting back together to record another  album and tour once again proving that the public's infatuation with the  band is never ending."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "With stripped down production, brilliant lyrics and the fiercest delivery of his career, KRS-One and company deliver the best LP in thier entire musical cannon. While many disliked and/or misunderstood this album when it first appeared, the last decade and a half have opened minds and ears to it's sheer daring and revolutionary impact. The music, as always is sliced down to the barest essentials, a simple 808 drum machine here, some reggae flavoring there (the hypnotic \"Breath Control II\") African Drums (\"The Homeless\") and even wah-wah guitar over funky drums (\"Original Lyrics\", my personal fave) and the production isn't too crowded allowing Parker's biting, incisive lyrics and terrific vocals plenty of breathing room and the attention they deserve. While things do get a bit preachy, the sheer enjoyment of these performances will leaven out the heavy-handed tone of the words. A rap LP was never more aptly titled. School is in session."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I'm not sure how this woman would be classified... I guess it's generally country music, with a hint of bluegrass.  But in certain songs, I also detected some gospel influence.  Note that I have NEVER been a country music lover.  My taste in music is very wide - West African, Brazilian, Greek, electronica, soul/funk, classic rock.  I saw Alison performing on public TV a few weeks ago, and was just blown away - so much so that I went out to buy the CD.Almost every track is wonderful in its own right.  Alison's voice is so beautiful, but I think it's the combination of all the talents on this CD that makes it so wonderful.  The song-writing is excellent, and the banjo pickin' is also.I'm so glad to have discovered her, and to now have this CD in my collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you love music you must obtain this cd period. Every cut is fantastic. Standouts include Pump it Up with its throbing punkish traits, Lip Stick Vogue  with its defiently witty lyrics \"Sometimes i almost feel like a human\" , Living in Paradise with its full bodied sound, Radio, Radio \"You better shup up or get cut out\", a live version of NEAT NEAT NEAT, i could list every trac the cd is that good. It was a important album when it came out giving early clues to who the true king of rock and roll is... a man named Elvis after all. WARNING dont buy this album unless you want to be blown away with an album from 1978 that is as fresh today as it way when it was the day it was pressed into an LP.  An essential album not only of Costello but of Rock."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Think Mystikal cant come out with a classic album but he did.  in 97.  He has an original style with the occassional outlashes of quick spit fire deliveries ( Unpredictable) an aggressive style and a laid back style. Mystikal flows with ease. His sound is natural and doesnt seemed forced. The production on this album is ok but it is Mystikals skill and charisma that saves some songs like &quot;13 years&quot;.  Here we go adds some west coast flavor with E-40 and B Legit and is the best song on the album.  Still Smokin is a nice chillin track.  The title track is his best display of his fast flow and it comes off tight.  The man Right Chea is o;h yes tight.  Must Give Instrumental to me.......  D... on the Track is a nice song also.  Other tight songs include Did I do it, Aint no limit, Murder 2.  Exceptional cd. Pick It Up."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album stays one of my all time top 10. Excitement is understatement to describe this album. If you like Whitesnake's Greatest Hits, maybe this is your second pick for exploring great rock kingdom created by David Coverdale and John Sykes.Crying In The Rain is good opening track sure to blow you away. Still Of The Night is one of my #1 favorite rock tracks of Whitesnake. You know Is This Love or Here I Go Again because it became huge hit worldwide. Straight From Your Heart and Don't Turn Away are excellent tracks and my favorites.If you are classic rock fans, it is the album you should never miss."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I was a latecomer into Nick Drake's music. As many other people, I re-discovered him \"thanks\" to the media hype of recent times. And boy am I happy I did! Nick Drake's music combines the best elements of folk and brit psychodelia.When I listen to Drake, besides entering a peaceful state where I feel in perfect communion with the rest of the universe, I remember music from Jeff Buckley, Elliott Smith (both, no longer among us as well), Rufus Wainwright and even Cat Stevens...Sad thing, how after thirty years of his passing, a commercial may bring his music back to life, some say. Me, I feel it's all just fine: Nick's posthumous album brings 1972 all back, with one mellow tune after another in 2004 or any other year you choose to play it, making it the perfect soundtrack to ride to and back from work, write to or quite simply... sit back and let go."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Do you mind if I give you some of my........12 play?What else can I say about the king? This album is a true RnB classic. I listen to this album and I hear the passion in his voice, the seduction in the production and........the bad rapping! But when its the 'R' you can forgive him for a few blunders (i.e. \"I like the crotch on you\" and \"Back to the hood of things\" ugh!) Nevertheless, this album is pure brilliance. Love him or like him he just may be the greatest RnB artist of all time!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Secrets by Toni Braxton is her most beloved and best-selling album of her career. This album is pretty good but it's also a mixed bag as well. After a thousand listens to, Un-Break my Heart is just plain nauseating! You're Making Me High is probably her strongest single ever, love those naughty lyrics and pulsating beat. How Could An Angel Break My Heart is a beautiful ballad which was co-written by Braxton. The rest of the songs are pretty ordinary and jeez most of the time I can't understand what she is singing, she needs to enuicate her words. This album is a great flashback to the mid-90s but that's pretty much it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I listen to alot of music and performers/song writers. I've read reviews of Nick Drake for awhile now and thought, \"I have to get his cd's and check him out.\"  So I bought a copy of Pink Moon.  I've listened to it many of times now to try and get what lots of other people are getting from him, but to no avail.  I'm sorry, but it's just a lame cd to me.  I'm going to stick with the more dynamic songwriting Nick; Nick Cave."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "No question, one of wonders of the digital is the chance for a work like this to be remixed in stereo, with an amazing soundstage.  Mark Linett deserves an award for the work he did with the multi-tracks to this album.  I've heard things I've never heard in the hundred times I've listened to  the mono Pet Sounds.  Putting the mono and stereo versions back to back  really shows the aural difference.For all that refuse to accept the  stero version and consider it some sort of sacrelige, hey, you have the  mono version.  But you are really depriving yourself.This classic got a  whole lot better.  For those of you that are Beatles fans as well, we can  only dream of the Beatles work getting the same treatment."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is about as punk rock of an album as you can make without a Guitar in sight.  But then again, there are touches of Ben Folds' sweet sorrowful side too, which makes it a little less punk.Standout tracks include Underground, Philosophy, and Boxing, though all of the tracks have a potential difference to them.  Underground starts with fantastic and humorous intro, then kicks into some friendly, happy keyboarding...Boxing is a sorrowful tale of a man at the end of his career, looking back on whether or not he's proud of himself or not.  It's a touching and bittersweet tale and shows a little of Ben Folds' great story telling ability.Overall, Ben Folds is an AMAZING piano player (and completely nuts live).  The songs transcend &quot;piano music&quot; and this album has a fun, youthful tone to it, which seems to be a rarity in &quot;piano music&quot; as well.If you're a little bit alternative, then this is a must own album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Toni Braxton's best work! When I first purchased the CD I thought the CD wasn't all that good. it had to grow on me on boy did it! Every song is great. Period!Toni's hits are Unbreak my Heart, How could an angel break my heart, and Make Me High. But the other songs are outstanding as well.There's no me without you is Toni hitting the low notes perfectly. Let it flow is a perfect I-need-to-leave-my-man for the intelligent woman.There are enough midtempo and slow jams to make this a perfect R&B; record.My favs are Let it flow, Love me some him, Unbreak my heart, I don't want to, and There's no me."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I heard Love at the Five and Dime on the radio (WWUH) one rainy morning in 1986 on my way to work in Hartford.  Nanci's fresh and honest sound was literally music to ears accustomed to machine-like synth-based 80's rock.  I immediately went over to Integrity 'n Music in Wethersfield and picked up a copy (in vinyl of course).  That cut plus Last of the True Believers and More than a Whisper proved riveting and honest.A few weeks later, in full fanship, I caught Nanci alone with her guitar (and the resident reptiles) at Roaring Brook Nature Center singing many of these same songs.  Later, her divorce and political stridency soured her music and furrowed her brow.  Her subsequent work was packed with beauty but she never again scaled these peaks of pure simplicity and romance."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "CLASSIC:SECRETS_1996style:SOUL:r&b;:whisperthe:SINGLESYOU'RE MAKING ME HIGH:sugestive_sexy_classic_#1LET IT FLOW:easy_goin'_sweet_FLIP SIDEUN-BREAK MY HEART:melancolic_anthemic_ballad_#1I DON'T WANT TO:simple_mellow_easy_top 20I LOVE ME SOME HIM:vocals_sultry_best_track_top R&B;HOW COULD AN ANGEL BREAK MY HEART:jazzy_corny_sweetTHE:songsCOME ON OVER HERE:pop_easy_beatTHERE'S NO ME WITHOUT YOU:r&b;_classic_babyfaceTALKING IN HIS SLEEP:amazing_whispering_sultry_pasionateFIND ME A MAN:soulful_mellow_balladWHY SHOULD I CARE:carefree_easy_sunnyIN THE LATE OF THE NIGHT:piano_closure_greatthe:VIDEOSYOU'RE MAKING ME HIGH:curly_apple_rating_elevatorUN-BREAK MY HEART:pool_motorcycle_barbra_wigI DONT WANT TO:jeans_tshirt_oneshotthe:LEGACYSecrets is one of the best done sophomore album for any singer, Toni Braxton match her sales and success with her debut.  But Secrets provided something that was larger than life, a  classic UN BREAK MY HEART, and the sales still boasting, and Miss Braxton will always be remember as one of the sultriest singers out there.Santiago L&oacute;pezVisit Guatemala U will enjoy it!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I'll start by saying that this is not the issue of Straight Ahead that I own. I have this as part of the Eric Dolphy Complete Prestige box-set that I reviewed here however many years ago, which was remastered more recently than this issue. So, my review is just on the performance and the quality of the album, not the sound.I love this album! It will always stand in the shadow of Blues &amp; the Abstract Truth because unlike Abstract, this album isn't packed full of as many of the big names in jazz, but don't let that fool you. This is also a classic album.There are times here where Dolphy swings like a demented circus performer, and Nelson is (as usual), dripping with blues and soul. The tunes are great and the performances milk every last drop of loveliness out of them. This is one of those albums where I tend to think that no jazz collection could be considered complete without it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Essential for any and all Siouxsie & The Banshees fans. Sure, it's an early compilation, with material from 1978-81. Every one of the CD's ten cuts are a winner, like \"The Staircase Mystery\", \"Love In A Void\", the insanely written \"Happy House\", \"Christine\", \"Israel\", \"Spellbound\" (one of my all time favorites) and \"Arabian Knights\". Top rate goth alternative. It's nearly impossible not to like at least a couple of these tunes. Sounds just SO good, that it almost hurts. Voodoo enthusiasts, fortune tellers and goth queens, rejoice! Highly recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Umm... What shall I say 'bout this one? It's pretty easy, if you like westcoast rap you gon' love this one! E-40's best all around and probarly one of Bay Area's finest, up there together with Mac Mall's Illegal Business?.E-40 never dissapoints me and after dropping so many albums, he still hasn't got the props he deserves.The whole Bay Area is painfully underated.Mac Mall, Spice 1, E-40 and his Sick-Wid-It records click and Ray Luv, these are my favorites outta Bay Area.Buy anything by them and show love, 'cause it basically don't get pretty much better than this type of Westcoast rap.One word for this record : Classic.I don't even have to mention highlights 'cause they're all great, but my favorite probarly is Dusten 'N' Disgusted featuring 2Pac, Spice 1 and Mac Mall.Get this one, it will make you money worth, no doubt."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This was the very first cd that we bought when we first got a cd player back in 1995. I loved it then and love it today. It remains a firm favourite. As well as some of her best songs culled from previous albums, this album includes 3 previously unreleased songs. A great mix of country and bluegrass, this is the best from Alison Krauss, along with Union Station, and the Cox Family, from 1987 to 1994. The booklet includes some cute photos of Alison and her brother as children, but unfortunately, no lyrics. But it does have a 2 page newspaper article from 1994 which is interesting. If you only get one Alison Krauss album, then this is the one you need. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Sonny Rollins' \"Saxophone Colossus\" is one of those albums that you could listen to 20 times in a row and never tire of because it's just that good. I've owned this recording for a couple of years and I still return to it from time to time. Rollins' warm, round tone makes this album the masterpiece it is, but that's not to discount his group for this session: Tommy Flanagan on piano, Doug Watkins on bass, and Max Roach on drums, who provide excellent support. This is a classic for reason. Want to find out why? Pick this up today. An essential jazz recording."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album was made at the same time as Sgt. Pepper and was a unique because it has mono or stereo versions of the songs on the album with different types of songs. Pet Sounds is like Sgt. Pepper except that the Beatles had more unique albums and on most of the songs, the Beach Boys sound like themselves instead of Beatles albums where the Beatles sound different on different songs. Classic Beach Boys songs on here include \"God Only Knows\" \"Wouldn't It Be Nice\" \"Sloop John B\" \"Caroline No.\" to name a few. Another bonus track \"Hang on to your Ego\" is great as well. This is a must for any Beach Boys fan."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Mr. Fantasy is a fine cd and I would have given it 5 stars any other time. Until I bought and listened to the 2000 Island remaster of \"Heaven Is In Your Mind\" This is the original stereo american version of the album, and the one, that I have been waiting for for at least 30 years to be released. It has the original american track listing including two tracks that were dropped when they re-released it as \"Mr. Fantasy\" which is the english version (stereo much less defined). I highly recommend \"Heaven Is In Your Mind\" to anybody that grew up in the sixty's as I did, and remember the superb stereo on the original UA release."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Call the lyrics dumb all you want, they are more interesting than 1,000 bands trying to search their lost soul.  News Flash:  There is no such thing as a soul.  Keep looking for love and UFO's and let us know your fascination with modern life.  I love the guitar sound and the hooks make your albums the best.  This and #2 are the classics.  What happened to make you so dull after that.  \"Remember David\" was one of your best songs and \"Suicide Day\" was good, but the rest of the third album, even the tile track was boring.  Two classics ain't bad.  Get this one right away."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Jon Sykes, Jon Sykes, Jon 'Effin' Sykes!!! His guitar work on this CD is absolute ball buster! If I only liked the track Still of The Night this disc would still be worth it but Sykes slashes and burns throughout the disc. And his guitar tone is monster! And I say this as a drummer, not a guitar player, that's how impressive Sykes is. You wanna hear some fierce guitar work then this CD is the real deal. Air guitar alert!![...]"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "At the time of its release I liked a few songs but didn`t appreciate this album as a whole.  Bought it recently because of the few good tunes I remember liking only to be surprised at how good the other tunes are.  This relates especially to what used to be B-side material when records were the music media; notable tracks being Sunday`s Best and Two Little Hitlers.I recently read that Costello listened a great deal to ABBA shortly before recording this album.  This is evident in the fluency of the songs, many very catchy tunes that is maybe disguised by the more organic production style.  The style of singing by Costello is marvelous, a very descriptive way of expressing the words as in \"...add to your collection\" in the brilliant Accidents Will Happen.  The texts are, by the way, well worth going through with a booklet in hand while listening.A highly recommendable album that has aged well, a must have for anyone liking Elvis Costello."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I got a chance to see Julia live in 1994, and the concert she gave still  ranks in my all time top 10 that I have been at. This is the CD that got me  started with Julia. I was familiar with Happy Ever After from the video,  but Porcelain is much better than her first release. I think that  Porcelain, Falling Forward and East-West are all pretty damn good and rate  5 stars each.  She got a lot more air play and video play 10 years ago. I  wonder why she fell out of favor with VH1?"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I bought a Nick Drake album once before &amp; was really disappointed by the arrangements.  Lots of strings... couldn't really listen to it.  Then I picked up Pink Moon.  WOW!  This is what all the fuss is about.  Unique, acoustic, mellow &amp; beautiful.  If you are at all interested in Nick Drake get Pink Moon first &amp; you'll be hooked.  This is a great album &amp; I've got to admit that it was that VW add that made me give Nick Drake another shot... really a mellow classic."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Whitesnake's self-titled release is one of the best Rock albums of 80's and with his huge history is one of the best Rock albums ever.Who can forget, \"Here I go again\", or \"Is this love\" or even \"Still of the night\", one of the biggest anthems of rock history.Who can forget an album that was on the Top 5 positions of United States for 6 months. Selling worldwide over 13 million copies (8 million in US), also \"Whitesnake\" was the album of the year 1988.I tried to rate all the songs of this historic LP1. Crying in the rain 10/102. Bad boys 9/103. Still of the night 10/104. Here I go again 10/105. Give me all your love 9,5/106. Is this love 10/107. Children of the night 9,5/108. Straight for the heart 9/109. Dont turn away 9,5/10"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Not Mike's best album, but certainly a very good one. The second part of Taurus here is one of his better epic-length compositions, here reprising at the start the original chord progression from Taurus I, but played on different instruments. It goes above and beyond the scope of the first however, across the path of it's 25 minutes. Family Man follows, a track he co-wrote with a bunch of other people, and definately a different one for Mike. It's almost like a standard rock/pop song, fused with his own guitar and instrumentation. (It later became a hit for Hall &amp; Oates.) The remaining songs are decent enough, but don't really hold up to the standard of the opening epic. Still, an Oldfield fan will want this album for it alone, in addition to the adequate tracks that fill out the album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Pet Sounds  being The Beach Boys 11th studio album and their 1966 release and singles released on the album were \"Caroline No\", \"Wouldn't it be nice\", \"Sloop John B\" and \"God Only Knows\". Yes it is a good album, however to compare it with \"Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band\" does not work for me as I consider Beatles to be far superior. Even Rolling Stones has made better albums then this. However, do not get me wrong this is a good album, but not as good as many would have you believe. The booklet is very nice with many photographs, liner notes written by Brian Wilson and David Leaf. No lyrics are included but we get a list of whom plays what on each track. 4/5."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The best thing about getting old classics, is that they are inexpensive and still worth the listen. I may be 23 but I'm very old-school and when growing up all I'd listen to is Lionel Richie, Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, etc. But who I loved most of all was listening to Billy Ocean. Takes me back to my happier years and having fun. There are a few tracks that I don't remember but they are still good, takes me back to the Miami Vice theme wearing white pants era."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The combination of Organized Noize, Kast and Goodie Mob made this classic pop back in the summer of 94. This joint put Atlanta on the map for real. Andre came hard lyrically with a New York influenced flow with Big Boi playing cleanup man. Sleepy Brown had the Curtis Mayfield'esque vibe going on. This joint laid the ground work for what would later lead the South dominating rap music.Top Joints:MyintrotoletuknowAin't No Thang  (Hard)SouthernplayalisticadillacmuzikPlayer's Ball (Original)Claimin' TrueFunky RideGit Up, Git Out  (Classic Ceelo chorus. Great message for the slackers.)Crumblin' ErbHootie Hoo  (Classic)D.E.E.P.Player's Ball (Reprise)  (Pimp Tight)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I Thought I'd Never Be A R. Kelly Fan Till I Herd This Album1) Intro- The Sermon 4/102) Hump Bounce 7.5/103) Not Gonna Hold On 10/104) You Remind Me Of Something 10/105) Step In My Room 8.5/106) Baby, Baby, Baby 6/107) (You To Be) Be Happy Ft. The Notorious B.I.G. 8/108) Down Low (Nobody Has To Know) Ft. The Isley Brothers 10/109) I Can't Sleep Baby 10/1010) Thank God It's Friday 6/1011) Love Is On The Way 6/1012) Heaven Can You Hear Me 7/1013) Religous Love 7.5/1014) Tempo Slow 7.5/1015) As I Look Into My Life 6/1016) Trade In My Life 6/10Top 5 Songs1) Down Low (Nobody Has To Know)2) I Can't Sleep Baby3) Not Gonna Hold On4) You Remind Me Of Something5) Step In My RoomOverall 8/10"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you like Kind Of Blue, you are in for a real treat here. Adderley, Miles and Blakey were and still are such big stars in the jazz world that their work is in a class of its own. The fact that they are collaborating here is an added bonus. Adderley's joyful sound and Miles's Emotional Charges Harmon Mute is absolutely exquisite on this album. Best cut would definately be Autumn Leaves, since Miles's work on this track almost brings a tear to my eyes because it is so beautiful."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I love R Kelly and all his material, and I love this album the best out of all I've heard of his.  I have almost all of his cd's but out of all of those, and in fact out of all I own, I still listen to this cd real often.  It's the best.  I love love love Down Low, Can't Sleep (Baby) and Thank God It's Friday - they are the best cuts on here.  He's such a great talent, and so underrated.  He's soulful and a joy to listen to.  Despite whatever goes on in his personal life, he remains one of my top favourite singers ever.  Down Low is among my top 10 favourite songs of all times and I could listen to this cd over and over again, never get sick of it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "By far the best Beach Boys album (and the best Brian Wilson album, along with the recently unearthed treasure \"Smile\"). The harmonies and lyrics in the songs are perfect, and remain timeless no matter how many times you listen to it or how many years have passed since this masterpeice first hit the shelves. It wasn't a big hit in the States, mostly due to the fact nobody was ready for it. It's such a well-organized and cohesive work, much unlike what people were used to the Beach Boys putting out at the time. They decided to be something more than just a surf band, or a catchy and trendy pop band, something which nobody gave them credit for. Compare \"God Only Knows\" to \"409\" or \"Surfin' Safari\", and you shall understand what I mean. The melodies are perfect, and blend greatly with the vocals. This is a rare album without a single track to be skipped. If you haven't caught on yet, freaking buy this!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Man, this is one great CD. This and \"Straight No Chaser\" are my two favorite Monk titles, and Monk is my favorite jazz artist. It doesn't get much better than this for me - until I came across this SACD hybrid version. I love it! They obviously remastered the CD using DSD (instead of just grabbing the latested PCM remaster and sticking it on the disc along with the SACD layer) because this CD layer blows every other remaster of this title out of the water. It's 1957, this is one of the first stereo jazz recordings made, and they got it right."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "While dismissed as Costello-Lite by some, this is arguably EC's masterpiece.  While retaining the feistiness of his first two albums, Armed Forces showcases Costello's evolving prowess in crafting really good pop(ular) songs.  'Oliver's Army' and 'What's So Funny...?' shine here, but there are another half dozen or so excellent cuts.The Armed Forces bonus disc is likely the best in the Rhino reissue series.  Alternative versions of 'Busy Bodies', 'Accidents...' and 'Goon Squad' are interesting.  'Stranger in the House' and scorching, live performances of 'Lipstick Vogue' and 'Mystery Dance' are classics.Excellent value here at $14.99.  Add another one of Rhino's 2-disc series and get free shipping!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Yes, we all know many of the big name late 60's West Coast Rock bands, many which rarely got much above mediocrity. This group, hardly known then and less so today, recorded some of the finest, most interesting, and original songs right here on this, their only (I think) album!.What we have here is a mixture of really original melodies, poetic lyrics, fine arrangements. and singing/ harmonies that still hold up well! Listen to the quasi-spiritual WHERE IS YESTERDAY, and you'll know exactly what I mean!.Same with CLOUD SONG, EARTHLY DELIGHTS, and most of the others, including a circus like/vaudevillian number as well! Even with 2 or 3 duds, the rest is as good anything from that era, including the similar sounding Jeff Airplane, and the 1960's summit, the Beatles!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "...P>Lenny Kravitz has the amazing ability to take elements of 60s and 70s rock and make them sound completely modern.  There is no Jimi Hendrix imitation on \"Are You Gonna Go My Way.\"  Kravitz and his musicians have no aspirations of being Hendrix...they KNOW there's only one.  Some of the songs are driving and loud, others are soft and sweet, and Heaven Help is simply gorgeous.  I bought this album as soon as it came out in the spring of 1993 and it has traveled with me everywhere I've gone.  Whether I'm on a plane, train, long car journey, I can pop in this CD and know that I'll be entertained by an absolutely perfect rock album.  They are truly few and far between, and this one is a masterpiece."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "to me this is when outkast was very hungry, me im not a big fan of southern rap but this album is very different than other southern albums that came out in '96. i like the production on this album its dark and yes im a fan of dark beats.the standout tracks to me are Elevators (Me & You),Ova Da Wudz,Babylon, and Elevators (ONP 86 Mix), its the same as elevator the original except that they changed the drums and it actually has scratching and its edited for some reason. recommended for 90's hip hop fans and fans of outkast and their early material."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The breakthough effort of ska meets 1940's &quot;No Doubt&quot; is - without a doubt - an incredible album.  Full of wonderful melodies, and other delicious musicalities, &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot; offers music  lovers everywhere a taste of that California sunshine!  Led by Gwen  Stefani, &quot;No Doubt&quot; sizzles with hit singles &quot;Don't  Speak&quot; , &quot;Spiderwebs&quot;, &quot;Just a Girl&quot; and so much  more.  Other swinging and equally notable songs include the melodramatic  &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot;, the roudy &quot;Happy Now&quot;, and the  anthem-esque &quot;The Climb&quot;.  Stefani's voice is truly a unique and  powerful instrument, belting it's way into mainstream, backed by the  talented stylings of other members Tony, Adrian, and Tom.  &quot;Tragic  Kingdom&quot; is a great little album, really different from anything else  with its spunk, style, and spirit."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's the Hip hop's hair doo master Coolio on a debut album, my locc Coolio went from B.G. to Locc'sta from Compton, CA aka the CPT.  Like I said on my review from Gangsta's Paradice, Coolio be blowin' on some Indo or some other type of funky gangee, because Coolio was the locc who released the ultimate house party groove Fantastic Voyage by far Coolio's dopest hit, County Line is a far out Dope song by my locc, Ghetto Cartoon is a funny cartoonished song with funny lyrics, and my locc has another good one called Ugly Bitches, what!?  It's a true song by my locc Coolio.Hair doo master's best yet is *1, *2, 3, 4, *5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, *15 & 16, did I miss any songs?"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A great disc by a great collection of musicians.  Cannonball often takes a side role-even as a leader-to the playing of others, specifically Miles Davis, yet the album has a warmth and atmosphere that are fully his.  'Autumn Leaves' is a stunner-beautiful and long with great solo work by all.  'Love for sale' is also very catchy-you will probably recognize the melody when you hear it.  I think the last track is supposed to be called 'Rangoon' but I'm not positive-it is 'Bangoon' on the back of the jewel case.  A great introduction to Adderley's work.  Highly Recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "By All Means Necessary gave us a taste of what was to come on this..it's like he lead us with baby steps to this. This album is a beast. It starts with a nice introduction by Kwame Ture (aka Stokely Carmichael), spoken in his characteristic soft and eloquent style and that leads right into the first track which starts out \"WAKE UP! TAKE THE PILLOW FROM YOUR HEAD, AND PUT A BOOK IN IT!\" That in itself should prove that this would be a different kind of album. This album pushed you to think, at the same time KRS was experimenting greatly with various lyrics flows at this time. The result is an absolute masterpiece o from a hip hop standpoint. I don't think this one got much radio play..but it wasn't created for that purpose.If I could..I'd buy everybody a copy of this. Seriously. We need to hear more music like this these days."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "With his thrid CD in three years, R.Kelly delivered more of his usual antics. While this CD had it's moments it also had it's share of weak moments. The strong moments were the ballads which he's always known for. The first trio of ballads the hit single You Remind Me Of Something, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby, Baby and my personal favorite Step In My Room show R's vocals and writing at it's best. The next two strong ballads Down Low (Nobody Has To Know) and \"I Can't Sleep Baby (If I)\" were also good , although the remixes were better. The other strong ballads  Tempo Slow was placed at towards the end of the CD but it was placed in the middle of R. Kelly's religous section of the CD."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Now in my rap dictionary, this is probably the best Cd from any other Wu-Tang solo artist. Like hus name, GZA is a pure Genius when it comes to making a solid CD like \"Liquid Swords\". I can go through evry song on here, and not skip one track. Thats how much I liked it. No matter what genre of music you enjoy, you can appreciate it. You will never find a group and artits liek Wu-Tang Clan and GZA. This CD just shows how much better music was back in the early 90's and mid 90's. The next time you are looking for a classic Cd's by oen of the Wu-Tang members, and you dont have this Cd, tehn by it. You will be amazed of how well done this Cd was. There will never be one like it, ever again.peace"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Tesla's debut album &quot;Mechanical Resonance&quot; blew me away. Rarely had I ever heard such a straight ahead, quality hard rock sound. Well, with this second effort the songs are every bit as good. Of course I love the radio songs--the top 10 quality (not cheesy) ballad &quot;Love Song&quot;, the also slower tempo but excellent &quot;The Way It Is&quot;, and the gritty &quot;Heaven's Trail (No Way Out)&quot;. However, every other song on this album RULES too! Like with the first album, I could rave about each and every track. &quot;Hang Tough&quot; is an awesome heavy start to the album, &quot;Lady Luck&quot; just screams with attitude, &quot;Lazy Days, Crazy Nights&quot; is a party rocker, and &quot;Paradise&quot; is just one amazing anthem with a great softer side but a very uptempo ending--a true masterpiece of a song. Anyone who likes straight ahead, heavy, and yet melodic rock and roll should definitely own this one. A truly underrated classic."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is the straight-up hardcore from beginning to end.  People  slept on this album when it came out, but they need to wake up and pick  this up, on the serious tip.The most fiery cuts:  Duck Down, Drug  Dealer, Sex &amp; Violence, Build &amp; Destroy.Most subversive track:  &quot;13 &amp; Good&quot;, a tale of statuatory rape with a twist  ending....Superb production values by KRS-1, Prince Paul, Pal Joey, and  others...This is the LAST album by KRS-1 recorded under the group  moniker BOOGIE DOWN PRODUCTIONS.  Check for his subsequent solo releases:  RETURN OF THE BOOM BAP, KRS-ONE (self-titled), and I GOT NEXT...FRESH  FOR 1992, AND YA KNOW IT!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This was the last Camper Van Beethoven album before leader David Lowery  split with the band and went on to form the more conventional band Cracker.  &quot;Key Lime Pie&quot; is musically quite ambitious and makes good use  of a full time violinist, particularly on the ace cover song &quot;Pictures  of Matchstick Men.&quot;  Other CVB classics that inhabit this album  include the brilliant Ronald Reagan satire &quot;Sweethearts,&quot; the  wistful &quot;When I Win the Lottery&quot; and the brilliantly corny  &quot;All Her Favorite Fruit.&quot;  Not everything works, however, and  overall the album is of uneven quality.  Still, there's enough great songs  to make it worth your while."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "With Nick Lowe producing, Armed Forces turned out to be an album of very catchy tunes, which masks the acerbic tone of the lyrics.The arrangements are especially great on songs like Busy Bodies, Green Shirt and Big Boys. My favorite track is the lilting ballad Oliver's Army, but every single song has a unique pop appeal.Costello is amongst the most literate and versatile of rock musicians and especially on this album, the tight writing and clear melodies are prominent, whilst The Attractions must be the best band he ever recorded with.The new tracks include alternate versions and live recordings, demonstrating his magic as a performer. Armed Forces is a classic of late 1970s punk rock, but has always been accessible to pop fans and timeless in its melodious appeal."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Since her Rounder debut in 1987, Alison Krauss has been praised by critics and country music fans alike. Revitalizing traditional styles of country music including bluegrass, the singer and fiddler is the focus of much public attention. Her unique, yet firmly-rooted approach to country music has won her several Grammys. Her 1995 release, NOW THAT I'VE FOUND YOU, showcases her ability to shine in a variety of settings. The title track and &quot;Broadway&quot; find Krauss in a more pop country environment; however even her pop music is unique in its smart harmonic structure, and her ability to avoid pat or stock poetic devices. On &quot;Tonight I'll Be Lonely Too,&quot; Krauss and Union Station (her almost constant musical companions) switch to a decidedly bluegrass feel, and on &quot;When God Dips His Pen of Love In My Heart,&quot; she plunges into a Southern gospel style with help from the Cox Family. Alison Krauss has the remarkable ability to make these diverse musical directions seem logical and congruent."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Im from Baltimore. Some rather most don't really listen to the southern stuff. Maybe Outkast or stuff like that (commercial). But I don't care where your from what you like or don't like. You have to love this CD. I never took this out of the car you know how some cds make it back to the cd book, shelf or garbage, this never since I bought it in 2000 (I feel bad for sleeping on it that long) has ever came out of any of the rides. Through all of the flights it flew with me. If you cant feel this CD ridin in the night around 3 in the mornin I can't help you. This CD sets the mood for any on road situation. Whether you drinkin,smokin got a little shorty in ride witcha or you doing something you dont have any damn business doing or you just ridin dirty by your damn self just zoning out. It gets no better down south and or north when your rolling then Ridin Dirty."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If I could only keep 10 albums and I had to sell all of the others, this one would be on my 10 keepers. This debut album from Tesla is dynamite! While Modern Day Cowboy, Gettin' Better and Little Suzi got the most  airplay in the late 80's, the rockers EZ Come EZ Go, Cumin' Atcha Live, 2  Late 4 Love and Rock Me to the Top can melt your eardrums and your  speakers. The two lighter but very good tunes are Changes and Love Me. The  other songs on the album are also respectable.Jeff Keith has a good,  raspy vocal delivery that he practiced while driving cement mixers. It's  easy to identify Tesla's work by his singing. Great guitar work by Frank  Hannon is another of Tesla's signature trademarks. While the Great Radio  Controversy and The Best of Tesla are both albums worth acquiring, this is  by far their best effort."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Being a big fan of Iron & Wine, Sufjan, Joshua Radin, Elliott Smith, and Damien Rice, I thought I would try out this CD (also bought \"Five Leaves Left\"), as he seems to be an original...and I was impressed.  Nick's guitar work is very solid, his lyrics poignant, his voice mellow, and his songs strong.  The CD whips through quickly with its short songs (too short!), and I could definitely hear his influence in the modern day singers I mentioned above.  Although I prefer the modern singers, this CD definitely will work its way into my rotation.  I definitely recommend this album for those that enjoy this type of music...if you prefer Iron & Wine over Blackeyed Peas, or Sufjan over Timberlake, or Radin, Elliott, and Rice over Maroon 5, then you must buy this CD.  But do like I did...wait until Amazon puts it for sale under $10.00."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "B-Legit holds it down for the Yay Area but not with &quot;The Click&quot; but solo wise. He makes sure you feel this album with knockin' beats and lyrics showing you that he's not in 40 waters shadow. Not only does he put it down by himself but he features some of the top rappers puttin' it down for California. I recommend this album to everyone who likes E-40, Suga T, D-Shot, and &quot;The Click&quot; because B-Legit shows he's a major part of &quot;The Click&quot;"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In a Major way is E-40's best album, a Bay Area classic. The Vallejo Boss Playa just blew up on this amazing album. Features the unmatchable beats by Mike Mosley &amp; Sam Bostic, Funk Daddy and Studio Ton. The album is  perfect from start to end and it's got the two classic cuts : Sprinkle Me  (feat. Suga T) and the one and only Dusted 'n' Disgusted, which has one of  the TIGHTEST beats I've ever heard, combined with BREATHTAKING verses by  the greatest rappers - SPICE 1, 2PAC, MAC MALL AND 40 WATER! The album also  features 40's long time partner B-Legit and also Mac Shawn, Levitti and  Celly Cel. This album takes the Sick Wid It Mob sound to a whole new level  and E-40 continues to develop his own unique style, inventing new slang and  always comming with fresh delivery."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's very easy to call this album \"boring\" in comparison to the rest of the band's catalog, but it's not to be written off. Gone is the experimental stuff, and for the most part so is the goofy sense of humor and eclecticism, but what's left is some well-written clever pop. Imagine a Cracker album but with some mideastern violins once in a while, and you've got the picture. It's a bit heavy on the slow songs, so when there's the rare one that's a little less than excellent things can start to drag, but most of them are beautiful, and songs like \"I Was Born In A Laundromat\" and their cover of Status Quo's \"Pictures Of Matchstick Men\" manage to punch things up at just the right places. While I'd reccomend Our Beloved Revolutionary Sweetheart over this for a first purchase (it's as accessible, but done with a lot more creativity), it's still a very solid album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Sonny Rollins, one of the most influential tenor saxophonists in the history of jazz. His deep tone, influenced by Coleman Hawkins and Ben Webster. Sonny Rollins is my favorite tenor saxophonist.Sonny is a very unique musician. Some of his ideas are very experimental, but his overall message, just swing! In this interesting format, tenor sax-bass-drums, Sonny shows his stuff, and plays his heart out.In jazz, tenor sax trios are fairly rare. Here, Ray Brown on bass and Shelly Manne on drums help Sonny out by delivering this swinging session.Obviously, the theme of this album was westerns. The old western standard I'm an Old Cowhand, is done here by Newk and the gang. Rollins' original Wagon Wheels is very catchy.Sonny Rollins had some great albums in his career, and this one should be considered to be among the best."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The very first time I've listened to this album, I thought my player got broken or the CD was scratched, but then I listened again afterwards and noticed that it was actually the real sound of Daft Punk. No strings attached.After a few more times of listening and deep-diving it, I suddenly found myself hooked to the loops and beats of what could be considered the best Daft Punk album ever. A risky project which turned into quite a good electronic/house classic, as good for workout as it is for partying.Weird samples, extreme loops, mad beats and several other bizarre sounds made this album an essential if you're in it for electronic.\"Around the World\" is a true all-time gem, for sure.Strongly not recommended for \"Easy Listening\" or \"Adult Contemporary\" fans."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "My first Buddy Guy album.  I think it is pretty good.  I like the title track.  I find the blues classic &quot;5 long years&quot; interesting -- quite different from the BB King and Eric Clapton versions.  I usually don't like the Fender tone -- it is can be a little too thin or piercing for my tastes, but Buddy has a tone that is warm by Fender standards.  I read somewhere that he uses a Fender Stratocaster and Fender Bassman amplifier, perhaps he plays with his fingers rather than a pick - well, whatever it was sounds &quot;right&quot;.  Buddy is a blues icon."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Taken from three distinct recording sessions - with bassist Percy Heath being the only consistent sideman - the album was released in 1954.Featuring musicians like Kenny Clarke (d), Art Blakey (d), Horace Silver (p) and Charles Mingus (p), the material is from May 19, 1953; March 15, 1954 and April 3, 1954. The eight tracks clock in at 30:05, with Miles Ahead and the title track edging away from the tight pack of quality music.The playing may not be fast and furious, but the sound is smooth as Miles is churning out cool grooves."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "There's some pretty cool material on this album from Whitesnake.  A total of nine tracks is included, and the album is in a straight-ahead hard rock musical direction.  The musicianship, songwriting, and production are tight and satisfying.  Most of the songs are straight-ahead hard rockers.  John Sykes does a great job with the guitar playing.  His guitar riffs and solos are really good, and he also helped write almost all of the album's material.  David Coverdale does a good job with the vocal duties.  There's also some nice keyboard playing throughout.  The songs that I like the most are &quot;Still of the Night,&quot; the ballad &quot;Is This Love,&quot; and &quot;Don't Turn Away.&quot;  All three are memorable and well-written songs.  The rest of the tunes are good, too.  This album is solid and worth a listen."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Let's think about this: the first three Elvis Costello albums were released in succession, with a year for all of them being recorded. They are all the same quality of songs, with minor upgrades in technique across the year. I am not implying that any one is better than another one. They are a good set of albums for the music poetry lover. In fact, the best course of action, would be to just buy all three. I find them complementary as well as, music for the times! This review has nothing to do with the lovely female friend I mentioned in my last EC album review. That's really my opinion."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "the cars released this great record back in 1978.shortly after it,s release it was all over the airwaves.this album is in my opinion another one of the finest debut albums in rock ever!!there are so many great songs on this album it may well be the cars quintessential album. ric ocasek ;rythm guitarist and chief song writer for the cars was in top form on this album.for me the best cuts are[and there are many!]you,re all i,ve got tonight,good times roll,bye,bye,love,moving in stereo,just what i needed,my best friend,s girl,all mixed up and don,t cha stop.i realize i have just named most of the tunes on this album but i think this album is a must for any cars fan new or old!i also love the cover that chick with the sexy red lips!!this album and their second album candy o from 1979 are two of the best albums the cars ever did!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is $hort's first album.  This is where he defines himself as the pimp, player, mack daddy of Oak-town, CA.  It's because of $hort Dog's early work that the Yay is on the hip hop map and this is the album that  started it all.The production on this album is hella tight.  The beats  are bumpin' and the bass is just boomin'.  Even on my stock stereo, the  whole car be rattlin'.  The lyrics are classic $hort.  Who can forget  FREAKY TALES.  This is just 8 minutes of pure pimpin'.  In addition, MACK  ATTACK, YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN, and LITTLE GIRLS are just tha shiznit.  This  is arguably $hort's best album.This is a definite must have for any hip  hop collection.  Old school Yay Area sound all the way...YOU KNOW!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A lot of you think this is there first national record to rise to stardom but in actualality N2DEEP Back to the hotel put E-40 and B-legit to the gold record artist status that they were bound to achieve.this record  didn't achieve that status but more than should've.if your someone who is a  pure click fan the song V-town on back to the hotel is one to get.When this  record was first released independently samples weren't cleared and when  jive picked it up they chose not to clear them and took them of the record.  bad decision.they have sold around 400,000 copies of this yet this a bay  classic. It still will most likely go gold but it would make it there  faster if they would bring back the original album.These 4 artists have  tried to hold down the westcoast while the rest of the west has been and  stayed on vacation.If you don't have this record get it but if possible hit  a store that has the original copy not the edited version."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This review refers to the 180g vinyl edition , released on the Vinyl Lovers label .I bought this album on vinyl because the remastered cd has a terribly compressed digital sound , only to discover that this album has been mastered directly from the cd and also has that awful digitally compressed sound , which defeats the object of buying the vinyl to hear this record in it's original glorious analogue sound .Vinyl Lovers might be the name of the record label , but do they really love the sound of vinyl , as all of their releases on vinyl have been directly mastered from the digital cd releases ( including the bonus tracks ) , and all sound terrible .It makes buying vinyl from this record label pointless !"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I remember this album when I was 9. I love this album. She delivered a record that showcases her maturity while offering a diversity of music sure to appeal to her ever-growing audience of young and old alike. She covered the spectrum while still maintaining her own soulful identity. She had craft an album that has a distinctly personal feel to it.  This album is a glowing testament to her status as one of the decade's most vibrant,exciting,soul deep,straight from the heart young artists. This album allows us listeners the opportunity to witness Toni in an array of musical moods and settings. This album has been certified 8x Platinum. Remember,this was 1996-1997."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A mix of both slow and mid-tempo (though mostly slow) songs of faith, love, and desire.&quot;Homie, Lover, Friend&quot; expresses every person's desire to have someone that they can have fun with as a &quot;homie,&quot; make love to as a &quot;lover,&quot; and trust as a &quot;friend.&quot;Classic songs include &quot;Bump N Grind&quot;, &quot;Sex Me&quot;, and &quot;your Body's Callin'.&quot;Listen to this on the beach while you're relaxing or when you turn out the lights with that special someone."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I will defer to all the laudatory comments listed here.  I had one observation, however, regarding this new version by Rhino vs. the previous, also-excellent version by Rykodisc.The final track on the Ryko CD was \"A Town Called Big Nothing (Really Big Nothing)\", a wonderful, 5-minute+ little gem originally writen for a Alex Cox film that featured Costello's father on trumpet.However, it is NOT included on the new Rhino CD. This is a curious and unfortunate omission, so FYI to all who are considering replacing the Ryko's.  Perhaps Rhino will include it on one of the future Costello releases.(UPDATE: The track never made it to any of the Rhino releases.  It now only appears on The Singles Volume 3 set.)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Many bands have a long time to perfect the songs for their first album resulting in a solid debut. This may be the case for The Cars (although Candy-O is great too). This album contains classic songs like Just What I Needed, You're All I've Got Tonight, Bye Bye Love, and Moving In Stereo. It's a crime that this band never got the credit they deserved. They created catchy, sometimes quirky, rock songs with a good balance between rockin guitar and cool keyboards. Elliot Easton's guitar playing is superb as he always plays for the song and not just to show-off. The vocal phrasing of Ric Ocasek and Ben Orr (rest in peace) is excellent (even if I didn't always understand the lyrics). A classic album that must never be forgotten!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "There are certain recordings that become part of the audio landscape.  This was one of them.  If ever there was a band that defined Americana in the '80s, it was The Cars.  And like so many or our aging and posthemous heroes, they passed into lore.I think the most enduring test of the greatness of this record is to play against what's spinning these days and it will still sound as fresh as the day as these Boston boys cranked it out....don't ya stop, don't ya stop!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The other reviewers here who gave this CD three stars have valid points, and I suggest reading them before buying this. The vocals are a bit low-volume, the songs in general are a bit melancholy, and the styles kinda melting pot. Yet Ms. Krauss does have a voice of distinction and her bandmates are skilled musicians (not so much vocally, for my taste.) I haven't owned many Krauss recordings, so I can't say this is better or worse than her other releases. If you like bluegrass/contemporary country sounds, and find this at a bargain price, pick it up."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Tear Down These Walls was Billy Ocean's final run at chart success.  The album features one of the most reviled songs from the 80's, \"Get Outta My Dreams, Get Into My Car\".  It generally makes the list for worst songs from the 80's, but it is a little harsh as the song has a fun, innocent charm that seems to be missing from most songs these days.  It made its way to number one and it was the last time Mr. Ocean had a top ten single.  He became a casualty of the grunge movement in the early 90's as most 80's stars who were perceived to be soft met up with a similar chart demise."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "One of the truly hyped albums of all time that lives up to the lavish praise heaped upon it. Brian Wilson was a 23-year-old who was struggling to express himself in new aural forms, and made this masterwork. Somewhat surprisingly, it flopped. The liner notes detail the reasons: kitsch cover (no doubt), automatic dislike of anything &quot;Beach Boys&quot; by those that would have liked it the most - hippies. It also paints Brian in a glowing light as working alone, without a songwriting partner like the Lennon/McCartney team, or without a guiding producer like George Martin. That he was such a young man working alone, against the advice of his manager, and created such a beautiful album is truly a testament to his musical genius. The songs speak for themselves, and everyone should know them by heart."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "One of the greatest folk records out there. Not much else needs to be said. We lost a genius to an overdose. Not really appreciated in his time but this record will stand forever as long as it is available to listen to. The stark and fluid guitar work is contrasted with a voice so soothing, so troubled, and so damning of the culture around it. I can't really say much more. This record is an outstanding piece from one of our greatest musicians. The remastered tracks sound every bit as good as they should. Perfection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Though Paula Abdul first gained notoriety for choreographing Janet Jackson's CONTROL videos, her debut FOREVER YOUR GIRL managed to thrust her into the pop stratosphere, firmly taking a place right next to...Janet Jackson. How's that for karma?  Of course, it helped that she was fully armed with an album full of strong dance-pop tunes--'Straight Up','Cold Hearted',and you know the rest. Even the non-singles here are terrific, particularly 'State Of Attraction' and 'I Need You'.  The only real sore point is the album's sole ballad 'Next To You', which did nothing but remind us that singing was never really Abdul's strong suit. Otherwise,this is a nice reminder of what an engaging and sincere performer Abdul was, and why current  pop princesses like Britney and Christina don't hold a candle  to our Paula."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I was lucky enough to hear to original LP when I was younger as my father was a huge fan of the ever thoughtful and often melancholy genius of Drake. There's nothing I can add that hasn't already been said with one exception. The re-master of this album is showing its colors in that there is a noticeable gain hiss from the original session tapes. This may have been a problem to deal with in the late 90's when this was re-mastered and re-issued. But with todays \"de-hiss\" technology, it effectively eliminates this slight noise that blankets the entire album. They really should reconsider re-re-mastering this album, again, from the original tapes, and not from this master to make this a completely perfect album in both execution and final CD (or DVD Audio) pressed result."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is Whitesnake's great work of art. Every song makes you sing along and play air guitar. Even people who don't care for heavy metal liked this when I played it. Whitesnake was the best of the bands to pop up from Deep Purple alumni. This record gives Led Zeppelin a run for their money. It is even better then Van Halen's debut. John Sykes is one heck of an axe player. Neil Murrey had been im Whitesnake for it's entire career since it formed in '78. Dunbar is a decent metal drummer. Adrian Vandenburg did some guitar work on this album, and he also contributed the nicely done keyboards. A huge album, it was overshadowed by Guns N' Roses debut the same year. This is one of the best classic heavy albums of the 80's and all time."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "right from the opening tones of &quot;if i were a bell,&quot; miles and  company (the classic quintet with john coltrane, red garland, paul  chambers, and philly joe jones) set the tone for a quietly swinging set of  cool jazz. miles continued to explore his own version of cool jazz (much  more bop oriented than west coast jazz), but here the sound is becoming  even more uncategorizable, more distinctly miles' own voice and timbre. he  explores melody and themes finding his own phrasing and expansions, leaving  plenty of room for the song to develop as it will. in sum, he uses silence  as part of the form, like ahmad jamal, for instance, creating tension and  setting fires within the tune. the band is stellar and one can hear  coltrane getting his own voice, as well, laying the foundations for what  was to come in a few years. well worth any price!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I bought this as a tape when I was in first grade and lossed it a while back, so I decided to buy it on CD. I forgot how much I loved this album! All the songs are great and it includes some of her biggest hits like &quot;If I Could Turn Back Time&quot;, &quot;Just Like Jesse James&quot; and &quot;After All (theme from &quot;Chances Are&quot;)&quot;  I also like &quot;You Wouldn't Know love&quot;, &quot;Love on a Rooftop&quot; and &quot;Heart of Stone.&quot;  Her voice has really matured when this album came out. If you're a fan of Cher's 80's work or a fan of Cher in general then this is a great album to start out with.  Also reccomended is her other best work of the 80's &quot;Cher&quot;"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Back in 1986, this album was a big deal. In a sea of poofy-hair heavy metal bands (and bands pretending to worship the devil), Tesla came out of nowhere with a debut album of straightforward hard rock songs. Sounding like a Midwestern Def Leppard, they had a couple ballads, three or four songs about rocking all night, and even a political song.Listening to it now, it's a little cheesy but too sincere to dislike. They know how to write a song and they can play, but they didn't have a gimmick that would embarass them later. The only real drawback to the album is the song \"Little Suzi.\" It's so good, you can't avoid noticing how mediocre the rest of the album is."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Take a singular artist who became known for her gossamer voice, throw in a few decades and a couple thousand cartons of cigarettes and what do you end up with? Simply one of the most gorgeous CDs in her collection. It is wonderful to hear Joni's voice now, it is so different than back in the '70s... but it is definitely the same compelling, masterful instrument. As she has become older and her voice has deepened and grown a bit raspy, it has become downright haunting in places on this CD, like in \"Slouching Towards Bethlehem\" and my favorite \"Two Grey Rooms\". Supporting this unique voice which, though wisely not chasing the shattering highs of years gone by, is still precise and versatile, is Joni's surreal guitar and piano work. Supported by a smaller but familiar cast of expert musicians, \"NRH\" is one of the most beautiful, most mature, most objective CDs I've heard in a long time. It is so hard to believe it came out over 15 years ago!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This are the first recordings of the first real Misfits line-up (Glenn Danzig-vocal, Jerry Only-bass, Franche Coma-guitar and Mr.Jim-drums). All the material recorded in just few takes.Here you'll hear original Attitude, that is covered by Guns 'n' Roses (Spaghetti Incident LP) and Last Caress (which was covered by Metallica). Glenn's singin' is amazing.Whole album is included on Box Set, with exception of two songs: Spinal Remains and beautiful In The Doorway."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I must admit this CD was in my shopping cart for quite a while given its genre.  I finally make the plunge when I needed it for free shipping and the first time I played it, I couldn't believe the beautiful purity and fullness of her voice.The music is very interesting also since it is obviuosly country, but these are real talented musicians and the arrangements are incredibly performed and make a country band  really kick-[...] in a cross over jazzy sense in a couple of tunes where you'd never guess this is a band that plays bluegrass.It's worth every one of those stars and one more if they had it.By the way, I found out that the ladies like this CD very much."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I am very disapointed! After looking for this album for 10 years, at least I bought it and ... masterpiece?C'mon people! I have around 2000 Rock albums in my collection and I would never placed this not even between the top 100.How could anyone say that Rubber Soul or Revolver are under Pet Sounds? Any 60's Rolling Stone album is one hundred times better. And something else, if this is the sound that shape the American pop music, I might be wrong, but ... where is Jimi Hendrix, Muddy Waters, Miles Davis, etc? Those are really masters of American music, not The Beach Boys.I can't give to this album more than half star."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Long before this album appeared in april 1997, I had the Depeche Mode fever. I felt something great was going to happen, especially after hearing Barrel of a Gun. When it finally came out, the album turned out to be even  better than expected. It still is getting better and better, after two  years. I love all the songs. Personal favourites are beside &quot;barrel of  a gun&quot; &quot;sister of night&quot; and &quot;the bottom line&quot;,  but my opinion changes all the time. One period I am convinced  &quot;Insight&quot;is the best track, the next I think it's &quot;It's no  good&quot; etc. Now I would say it's &quot;Sister of night&quot;. Black  celebration is my second favourite album. It's unbelievable that some peope  prefere older stuff like from the Speak and Spell and Broken Frame period  over this stuff. Those people haven't grown along with the band. This is  serious stuff."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Paula Abdul's 1988 debut FOREVER YOUR GIRL sold five million copies in a year since the album's release. The same thing happened with Mariah Carey's self-titled debut 2 years later,Madonna's LIKE A VIRGIN album in 1984 and Whitney Houston's 1985 self-titled debut. This album remained on the charts through spring 1990. When STRAIGHT UP debuted on the radio in late 1988,the sales of the album rapidly increased. Other hits include THE WAY THAT YOU LOVE ME,KNOCKED OUT,OPPOSITES ATTRACT,NEXT TO YOU,COLD HEARTED and the title track. Another ten-track album with seven hits that I know of is Bryan Adams' RECKLESS album. A must for urban music fans. Also it's ideal for nightclub play."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you have heard of Stevie Ray Vaughan, Eric Johnson, Walter Trout, Johnny Lang or Joe Kubek; Ask where does their music come from? Most probably the answer is: Freddie King; Burglar.In this album, Freddie sets the standards of any guitar used in a blues or a rock song.A 1972 release, shortly before his death, this album will blow your mind and ears away. No other blues album of its generation comes close; and this is nothing like Fredddie's previous releases.I believe that Freddie King ranks in Blues the same as Miles Davis in Jazz. Too bad he died too soon.Highly recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "When \"Here I Go Again\" comes on the radio, i always end up listening for a few moments just because I am baffled about how bad some songwriting can be.  Its hilarious that when you hear a line, you can predict the next one.  I dont think Coverdale means anything he sings...he just picked the words cuz it sounds good...to him anyway.In the Still of the Night is no better.  The music sounds as if they intended it to be some brooding rock anthem.  Its like they were trying to create some type of mystery and suspense building towards  some rock zenith ...but when you hear the lyrics....all they are saying is \"Im horny...gimme some\".  Hey, Im not opposed to songs about sex, but give me a break, dont pretend like you're telling me something brilliant.All in all, Whitesnake is exactly what Spinal Tap was making fun of.  I bet Whitesnake didnt even get the joke."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Lisa Loeb's second album, Firecracker has 12 great tracks but some of the songs took awhile to grow on me but songs I loved right away include: Falling in Love, Jake, I Do, Let's Forget About It, Truthfully, Furious Rose,This and How. Loeb has a beautiful and rich voice, her lyrics are poetic and haunting. From the song Falling in Love, \"The gray sky was romantic 'cause he was holding her hand, he was her man, the time between meeting and finally leaving is sometimes called falling in love.\" The title-track gives me the chills, the chorus is amazing. Truthfully is such a gentle and sweet song, so much better than I thought it was, \"You showed up with your parachute...\" If you like deep, meaningful, and poetry-like lyrics then Firecracker is for you."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's nothing short of awesome to hear these three guitar greats come together. Albert Collins was one of the BEST blues guitarists in the world. Any recording which features him is going to be worthwhile. Robert Cray is  very good too and has a wonderful voice. Johnny Copeland contributes some  nice vocals and guitar licks, but I'm not as familiar with him as I am  Albert and Robert. There are only two downsides to this wonderful CD.  First, the sound quality isn't as good as it could be. It definitely sounds  its age. I know that Alligator is not a huge record label, but it would be  nice if they could remaster and rerelease some of their titles such as this  one. Second drawback is that the album is too short! It's so good that you  don't want it to end. It's not much longer than half an hour. But it is  good stuff. If you like guitar-based blues, BUY this CD!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Toni Braxton waited 3 years to release her sophomore effort, Secrets, which follows the same formula as its predecessor while managing to sound fresh and new. The big ballad \"Un-break My Heart\" is the obvious smash hit, but other classics include the sultry \"You're Makin' Me High\" and the relaxing \"Let it Flow.\" Smooth album cuts like \"Why Should I Care\" and \"Come on Over Here\" ensure that the album moves with a soulful, slow-burn feel from beginning to end. Secrets is the rare sophomore album that outdoes the artist's debut. 4 Stars."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This session always sounds as if it were about to fall apart at the seams, which is part of its incredible charm. While its underrehearsed quality makes a lot of the Prestige Records \"blowing sessions\" of this period sound almost studied by comparison, the resulting album captures the essential joy of Monk's music with a sponteneity lacking in some of his other studio recordings. Drummer Art Blakey proves a particularly explosive partner, really driving things along with intensity and spirit, and Coleman Hawkins clearly is having a blast, turning the still-developing John Coltrane into the tense schoolboy on this session. It's all utterly endearing, from the tune selection to the cover art, with the extended workout on \"Well You Needn't\" so much fun, it oughtta be illegal. If I were forced to choose the two most essential among Monk's many great recordings, it would be Big Band and Quartet in Concert, and this one."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is the album that helped him become the King of the South, a title the man still easily has.  Short as with all his albums, 43 minutes and 12 songs: 1 is a classic, 1 I skip, and 1 is ok, the other 9 are good or great songs.  Production is great for a 1991 release.  Guests are on no songs so it's all Face!  Lyrics are great as usual.  He has some gangsta tales, some about the cocaine, and some of the deeper lyrics you'll hear from a rapper.  A must have album.#1 - 10 (upbeat CLASSIC)#2 - 6 (dirty slower song)#3 - 8.5#4 - 8.5#5 - 8.5#6 - 9#7 - 9 (good beat)#8 - 7#9 - 9#10 - 9 (about gettin' taken off for some cocaine -- hence his name)#11 - 9#12 - 9 (very deep and good lyrics on this one)Brad Jordan --- b. 11/9/70 -- b. San Antonio. TX moved to Houston, TXcheck all my reviews"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is one of the best ever Jazz albums, recorded by one of the top five tenor players in Jazz history.The other musicians are:Tommy Flanagan - PianoDoug Watkins - BassMax Roach - drumsEven if you're not a Jazz fan you'll know Sonny Rollins 'St Thomas' which opens the album, with its calypso melody its one of the best known Jazz tunes. The performances are uniformly excellent and the sound is incredible since this album was recorded 50 years ago.The track 'Moritat' is in fact 'The theme from the three penny opera', but it sounds remarkably similar to 'Mack the Knife'. Whatever the tune really is, Rollins is never less throughly inventive, as anyone who has seen him live will testify to. This track perhaps contains the highlight of the album, where Sonny Rollins trades 4's with Max Roach.This is one of the classic Jazz albums and should be in everyones collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Back in the day you got classic after classic. This is just one of them. Still though E-40's new music is great but not this great if you know what I mean. This is laid back westcoast music at some of it's best. Bay-Area has many talented artirst and if you're into west coast rap E-40 is one of the most important to get. I'll admit this ain't 40's best, but it's far from his worst and it does deserves five stars even though it's more like 4.5.Definitely check this out if you're interested in some west coast talent.Also check out music by Too Short, South Central Cartel, Havoc &amp; Prodeje, B-Legit, Richie Rich, The Click, Celly Cel.. oh my God so many talents that never get the props they deserve. I think it's time now! Get this for your collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Beach Boys' \"Pet Sounds\" is the best sunshine pop (let alone 60's pop) album EVER recorded. This album is SO original and SO cheerful that you can't help but love it. The most well-known songs on here are the hits \"Wouldn't It Be Nice\", \"Sloop John B.\", \"God Only Knows\" and \"Caroline No\", but the other tracks are just as good and interesting. The Beach Boys are famous for their harmonies and vocals, and this album does not disappoint. The musicianship is definitely 60's, but the audio quality and the instrumentation is perfect. Another great thing about this album is how quotable and interesting the lyrics are - they're some of the best ever written! You'll absolutely love singing along to songs like \"Wouldn't It Be Nice\"! Fans of every genre will love this album (you'd be hardpressed not to), as this is an instant classic. Buy it now!Highlights include:the entire album"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This,is the type(and caliber)of album that is(sadly)missing,from todays(pathetic)music scene!!\"Foolin'Around\"became an INSTANT classic,\"Good Thing\"is a painfully TRUE,song,and \"All is not gone\"is a beautiful,HOPE-instilling track!! The entire,album is good,but these three songs,are the CREAM of the crop!! I miss,the days,when women,such as these,were APPRECIATED,for creating thought-provoking beautifully sung ballads,INSTEAD of being lauded,for marketing,sex-appeal!! Oh,well,I can always pop this \"gem\"into my player,whenever,I'm craving quality musical offerings!!As it is,I'm going to be playing the surfacing,OFF,of this disc,in the following weeks!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This first album by ASIA is astonishing. To speak the truth, I think it's their only worthwhile album. THe production (by Mike Stone) is clearly slick and commercial, but the songs are top-notch. Howe's guitar never sounded so fresh, alive and hard before. Carl Palmer is explendid, freed from EMERSON LAKE &amp; PALMER's tendency to overblown their songs. Wetton's voice is one of rock's best, and Downes' keyboards fit in completely. It's a shame it didn't last long and, for their second laubm, Asia tried even harder to go totally mainstream, sealing the destiny of the band, with the departure of Steve Howe (Howe still tried to get total mainstream attention with the horrrible GTR project)."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "is one of the finest songs I've ever heard. &quot;Tomorrow is Sunday, now there's only one day left till you go by, below my window&quot; I can't help but think of Leonardo DaVinci's &quot;window&quot; he also utilized in his paintings, his theories of depth and distance on the perspective grid show up in this new generational poet's work, wiht and in her words she weaves the same theories and philosophies with.&quot;No one knows I'm here, One day I just disappeared, And took I these two grey rooms up here, with a view, only when you walk by, below my window, when you walk by...&quot;"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "After 7's debut is an almost-perfect r&amp;B record.  This takes me back to a time when R&amp;B had its innocence, when people sang about LOVE and ROMANCE and wanting to treat you right.  There were no lyrics about &quot;freak&quot; this or &quot;thong&quot; that. This record shows Babyface at one of his peaks as a producer, as he is involved in virtually every track on this CD.  It's difficult for me to point out a standout track since you can play this CD from start to finish without hitting the &quot;next&quot; buttom.  Highly recommended.  After you hear this record, you'll never want to listen to anything that's been released in the last 18 months."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Miles Davis, John Coltrane, Philly Joe Jones, Red Garland and Paul Chambers formed one of the truely immortal groups in jazz history.  This session which was recorded in the famous Rudy Van Gelder studio in 1956 was one in a series of recordings that the quintet made during the summer-fall of 1956.  The other recordings that this famous group made was Steamin, Workin and Walkin.  What a series they made, and all of the recordings are an absolute must have to the serious Miles Davis/Jazz enthusiast.Highlights of this wonderful recording are &quot;If I were A Bell&quot;, &quot;Oleo&quot;, and &quot;It Could Happen To You&quot;.  But each and every song are a pure delight.  Highly, highly recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "There is nothing that I can say about this album that hasn't already been said.. But I would like to express my profound moment of discovery when I first listened to it.. I had the preconception that the Beach boys were just a bunch of dumb surfers.. My musical tastes leaned towards jazz, classical, and more progressive rock.. But I kept on seeing this album on lists of the greatest albums of all time so.. I gave it a try. I wasn't prepared for the beauty of this perfect musical mixture of sounds and moods.. It was clearly a very personal record that expressed many feelings I had at the time.. the production is brilliant.. being a big fan of the beatles I immediately heard simmilarities between George Martinand Sgnt Pepper and how they must have been influenced by this record.. This is not surfer music - it is much more.."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "With RLJ it always comes down to the songs.  Her first 2 albums are classics and her work since then has been inconsistent but usually very good however she hasd never been able to hit the high water mark of those first 2 albums.  As is the case with all of her albums, this one runs out of steam at the end.  Here is a song by song rating:1. The Horses - 52. Just My Baby - 53. Ghetto Of My Mind - 44. Rodeo Girl - 45. Satellites - 56. Ghost Train - 47. Flying Cowboys - 48. Don't Let The Sun Catch You Crying - 59. Love Is Gonna Bring Us Back Alive - 410. Away From The Sky - 311. Atlas' Marker - 3Recommended after you buy her first 2 albums."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's easy to see why this is usually listed as among the best albums of the 70's.  Coming off a very decent debut album, few could have been ready for this brilliant follow-up which reminds me a lot of Tom Petty's best work with the Heartbreakers.  The musicianship and songwriting has improved greatly over the debut effort due no doubt to the more polished backing band that represents the Attractions as well as Costello himself imcreasing in confidence and maturing in ability.  The sound quality of this remastered version is also brilliant and together with the wonderful mini-lp sleeve design which includes all the lyrics in English and Japanese as an insert make this the best version of this album that is out there at the moment.  Highly recommended!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album has everything a rap fan would want. The rapping is straight and has a nice flow. The lyrics are real good and touching. Some of the beats are good as well. My favorite songs in the first CD are: \"Ambitionz Az A Ridah\", \"2 Of Amerikaz Most Wanted\" featuring Snoop Dogg, \"No More Pain\", \"Heartz Of Men\", and \"California Love (remix)\" featuring Dr. Dre. My favorites in the second CD are: \"Can't C Me\", \"Shorty Wanna Be A Thug\", \"When We Ride\", and \"Picture Me Rollin\". Both CD's are good, but the first one is better.I'm a big 2pac fan and have all his albums. I like all his albums, but this is the best one! I never have to skip 1 track when I put it on the car. Before you buy any other album in the store, consider buying this one!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's ridiculous how many bands nowadays blatantly rip off the Cars without anyone calling them on their crap.  \"Stacy's Mom,\" anyone?  Weezer or Hot Hot Heat, perhaps?The reason for all of this idolatry is, of course, because the Cars' debut album is still one of the freshest and most vital pop albums ever.  The record was released in 1978, and it never ceases to amaze me with just how timelessly perfect it still sounds.With simple, catchy, and infinitely memorable songs, the Cars' debut is the official soundtrack to a good time.  Easily one of the 70s' best.  \"Just What I Needed\" is among my top five favorite pop songs ever."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "they expose a nerve with this one!most rappers shout-out god in they credits, but few touch on somethin spiritual in their actual lyrics...outkast aint nowhere near saints, but you can feel the spiritual searchin in the undertones of what they are sayin...soul searchin is what hip-hop needs more of.  that's what sets this release from other hip-hop classics; these boys are always lookin to grow beyond not just where they at, but from where they might be tomorrow....but yall proly aint feelin me on that, so i'll just say this:&quot;me anyuuu  yomama an yocuz zin toooooooooo......&quot;"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "&quot;Gangsta's Paradise&quot; is getting to be a quite old rap song...but it's still probably one of the best ever. It definitely goes on the top of my all-time favorite rap songs list. I gave this CD 3 stars because &quot;Gangsta's Paradise&quot; is the only song I've heard off this album. I'm sure the rest of the album is pretty decent, too. But &quot;Gangsta's Paradise&quot; will probably always be one of the best rap songs! If you love Coolio's music, than this is a really great CD and you must have it. Otherwise, if you only like &quot;Gangsta's Paradise&quot;, then I suggest buying the CD-single for it or the soundtrack for DANGEROUS MINDS. Totally awesome song. Probably Coolio's best. I just love it!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Punch The Clock was an attempt to court the pop charts that worked. Goodbye Cruel World was the hideous follow-up. The only decent songs of note were the duet with Daryl Hall, &quot;The only flame in town&quot; and  &quot;I wanna be loved&quot;, with Green from Scritti Politti on backing  vocals, with maybe &quot;Joe Porterhouse&quot; an honorable mention (it  didn't become a really good song until he turned it into &quot;(I love you)  When you sleep&quot; for Tracie's Paul Weller-produced debut LP).The  ponderousness that has marred much of Costello's material ever since starts  with the Impostor single &quot;Peace in our time&quot; - and we've been  suffering the consequences ever since. Get everything up through Punch The  Clock, and then punch the clock."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Listening to this album, it's very difficult to realise that she is only 18. She plays the fiddle with a skill way beyond her years, and her delicate soprano voice sings of lost love and heartbreak with such emotion and beauty that touches the heart of anyone who has experienced love gone wrong. This album was just a hint of what was to come, and I had the pleasure of seeing her in concert a few years back, in Toronto. This is Bluegrass at its best. Buy it, you'll love it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I'm so sick of packing for college, I go back on saturday. I really need a break. Ahh, nothing like cdnow reviews to kill time.Anyway, I'm living proof that this album is an alltime great enjoyed by people of all ages.  I love it, my friends love it, my friends parents love it. Every song is hummable and instantly burrows its way deep into your head where it wont come out for weeks. On top of that, this is a lyrical masterpiece only topped by my Aim is true (who else would use the term rhythmically admired). It may not be as diverse as the later albums but its our last chance to hear good old-school hard rocking elvis. This should be considered required listening for any rock mucic fan. Do yourself a favor and buy this and if you already have it buy it for someone who doesnt."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I thought Sneaker Pimps really had something going when I first heard &quot;6 Underground&quot;, but then when I heard the rest of the CD, I was very glad that I didn't buy the CD and just heard someone else's copy of it.  The songs are nothing like &quot;6 Underground&quot; and are lacking in both originality and artistic talent.  Not a good buy.  If you bought the CD, then you probably find yourself skipping through the entire CD and listening to the last song which was a remix by another artist.  The original is almost terrifying.  The rest of the CD is just garbage."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Together with the other guys in Eagles, Don Henley assured his immortal place in rock history. I wonder - how can a man who was a part of something so great as the Eagles release such a [bad] bunch of songs? I just don't get it! I owned this album for many years but when it was time to \"weed out\" my cd collection I decided that this one have to go. But before I sold it, I wanted to record the best songs from it, but I must admit that I couldn't find a single song I really like. So, now it's gone, and I have not missed it for even a split second!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Perhaps to figure out how any listener would react to owning this album, it's important to gauge how and why you play most of your albums.  Homework is a breakthrough and a true original, bringing the DJ dancehall spirit into an everything-and-the-kitchen-sink experiment in sonic trailblazing.  Still, in the six years or so I've owned Homework, I've listened to it only a handful of times.  I think it lacks the essential qualities of the other great records of the techno explosion in the late 90's - the grand drama of DJ Shadow's Endtroducing..., the spunky accessibility of Chemical Brother's Dig Your Own Hole, or, to go a bit later, the go for broke propulsion of Basement Jaxx's Remedy.  If the originality of the music is enough for you, it certainly is here in spades, but it's hard to deny this record is distancing at best and forgettable at worst."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "But it's not. Any way you slice it though it's still good. The weak spot here was the cover of \"Our Day Will Come\". However, it made up for it rather nicely with the cover of \"The Look Of Love\" which has reminiscence of the Philly Soul sound from the 70's. His was an even better version than Vanilla Fudge's. He also did a top notch cover of \"You Lost That Loving Feeling\". I write this not because we happen to share the same last name, but because it's some good sounding soul music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Like that '80s depth of field, enjoy the synthesizer when it's used sparingly and tastefully, as it is here. Funny that the '80s now sounds more dated than some of the music Joni references from the past, a cool cover of \"Cool Water\", plus a few other songs recalling \"Johnny Angel\" and \"Corrina, Corrina\" (Mitchell's gotta be thinkin' 'bout Big Joe's version, yeah...).Opening song, \"My Special Place\", is pretty okay - sounds like the theme to an unsold 1987 TV pilot about a coffee shop run by two 36 year old divorced feminists.Once again, her lyrics stand alone as poetry - and there isn't, and never was, a whole lot of rock and rollers who could seriously sell their words separate from their music. And this keeps Chalk in a Rainstorm on the home carousel."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A truly &quot;American&quot; album, very spiritual, ethereal, sort of like a thunder storm.  &quot;Fallen Angel&quot; has the dignity, insistence, and defiance of an unbroken man, &quot;Big Sky&quot; is one of the most dramatic songs I have ever heard; I have seen two hour movies with less emotion, drama, conviction, action, and passion than this song.Robertson's voice is a unique instrument.  I kind of like it, not only because it sounds unique, but because Robbie forces you to understand what he tells you, almost like a griot.Clearly one of the best debuts of the 1980's, and undeniable confirmation of Robbie Robertson's stature in music history."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Depending on how one views the landscape, this could be seen as the second solo effort by Ian Anderson, since the Jethro Tull album \"A\" was slated to be Anderson's debut, but was released under the band's name due to a decision by record company executives.Released in November 1983, it is a collaborative effort with keyboardist Peter-John Vettese that strides back into the progressive rock/electronics of \"A.\" The 10 tracks are equally split between Anderson and Anderson/Vettese compositions, while clocking in at 38:29.The standout selections are Made in England, User-Friendly and Different Germany. The electronic period of Anderson (solo/band) is oftentimes overlooked by fans and critics, but it shows an artist attempting to use a variety of paints on a familiar canvas to keep the sound fresh, which is a creative walk down a lane of brilliant light."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Criminal minded, by any means, return of the boom bap, krs one (self titled) are the best albums he ever did and made him the legend he is. On this particular album he displays his true lyricism such as metaphors,battle rap etc. This is definately far entertaining then previous releases such as sex and violence, edutainment, and ghetto music, those albums came off to preachy in my opinion and don't standout amongst his better efforts as I mentioned before. You can play the whole thing through, although in my opinion the only track I would skip is \"uh oh\" because it's a beatbox beat which get's annoying after awhile other then that this is a classic album in hip hop and a landmark in it's history."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "&quot;The End of the Innocence&quot; really hit home.When JFK was killed in Dallas,I lost my Innocence.This song,that Bruce Hornsby co-wrote,and plays keyboards on,just brings back that terrible day.I was only 8,but I still remember sitting in my 3nd Grade Classroom,and being sent home.This song also tells about the terrible Reagan years,with the line,&quot;For this tired old man that we elected king,&quot; and the preachers telling us not to sin,while there sleeping with everyone and stealing our money.Every song on this CD has some special meaning.&quot;I will not go Quietly,&quot;about turning your life around,&quot;The last worthless evening,&quot; a loveless relationship,and a the wonderfull fun cut,&quot;Shangri-la.&quot; The last song on the album,&quot;The Heart of the Matter,&quot; is my favorite.Just forget about hatred,and move on.&quot;You keep carryin that anger,it'll eat you up inside.&quot;When you play &quot;The End of the Innocence,&quot; you think about the end of he 80's.This album is Don Henley's greatest solo Album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "yes, this is a sad and eerie record . i must admit that i prefer the first two nick drake albums, but this is a fine album in its own right. my favorite songs are things behind the sun and parasite. know is also excellent, a weird  little blues cut with ominous and powerful strumming by drake and  a few deceptively simple words. a majestic and rather creepy release from perhaps the greatest of the late 60's early 70s singer songwriters. and as always, his voice, arrangements and words are eerie,haunting ,and touching. highly recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I have had this album in my (more or less) Complete Works of Stan Getz for more than a decade but it hadn't occupied a postion of prominence. But I went back the other day and relistened and I really like it!There are less of Getz wonderful ballads than one often finds in this period but the music is spirited and happy and Getz does a great job of call-and-response to passages Tjader plays first on vibes, for example \"Ginza Samba\". Sounds bounce back and forth from vibes to sax and back again! What a happy, optimistic period this was in music.Fun and high energy from beginning to end. Melodic, relaxed and swinging! Should be more popular. Quite fifties Latin music - Seems to presage Getz Bossa Nova albums, in a vague sense.Well recorded, for it's period.(NOt that it's anyone's business, but I bought this CD before Amazon existed)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Cars' self-titled debut album, which introduced the band's unique blend of the Velvet Underground, the Steve Miller Band, and Roxy Music, is their most balanced album as far as vocals are concerned, with lead vocals about equally split between Ben Orr (R.I.P.) and Ric Ocasek. Orr's vocals are more melodic than Ocasek's, as the latter seems to have some vocal tics that can be annoying at times. This wasn't a problem on the first two albums or HEARTBEAT CITY, as these records have enough hooks to compensate for any vocal shortcomings that the bandmembers might have had, but it was a severe issue on PANORAMA. If you're hoping for a Cars reunion, sadly, it will never happen; bassist/vocalist Ben Orr died of pancreatic cancer in 2000."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "No Doubt beared platinum fruit with this delectable collection of charttoppers and sparkling So Cal/ska-meets-punk-meets-pop. This is an incredible album which showcases the amazing versatility of each member of the group and highlights Gwen's incredibly expressive and confessional songwriting. This album just gets you jumping up and down, and happy. With sing-a-longable songs and irrepresibly irrestible rhythms, how could you go wrong? They stay in your head and they make you happy. Perfect music for listening to on the freeway an hour before dusk. Ascension-like. Very recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "No matter what controversy Paula Abdul tends to generate these days, there used to be a time when she was much more well-respected, and rightly so with this high-energy, hits-heavy album. \"Straight Up\" and \"Forever Your Girl\" are two songs that really say \"bring back the 80s\". A lot of people said that she had no singing talent, and while I can agree on the fact that her whiny, nasal wail is not the most pleasant singing voice that somebody could've been blessed with, she still knows how to sing with energy and passion."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If the Plimsouls' Everywhere At Once is supposed to be New Wave, I just can't hear it. These twelve cuts sound like Rockabilly, and lackluster Rockabilly at that. The Stray Cats have done this stuff to death. There's an oh-too-familiar sameness to it all: the fast tempo gets boring. And the pedestrian drumming grates on my nerves. The work of the Plimsouls is interchangeable with that of the Go Go's, only the Go Go's are cuter, but just as banal. No doubt, Peter Case is a talented lyricist and musician, but the never ending Rockabilly gimmick wears thin."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Back in early '96, I remember watching the classic video &quot;It's Goin' Down&quot; on rap city while I was in college and I said to myself I've got to go and find this CD and I did a couple of weeks later. This CD from top to bottom is just dope with &quot;Round 2 Intro&quot;. K-Lou does most of the production on this CD which makes this CD an instant g-funk classic. Some of the other tracks that just brings this CD to the forefront is &quot;Killa Kali&quot; & &quot;Skanless A** B******&quot;, & &quot;Funk Season&quot;. So go ahead and order your copy if you love g-funk."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "ATLiens, in my opinion, is a better CD thanSouthernplayalisticadillacmuzik.  Both are definite hip hop classics, but I have this draw to ATLiens.  I can't explain what it is.The CD is very different from the first.  Where the first was built around the gangster concept, this CD builds its own concept.  One I have yet to put a name to.My favorite songs include Two Dope Boys, ATLiens, Jazzy Belle, Elevators, Babylon, Millenium, and Extra-Terrestrial.Definite Must Have."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"Great Radio Controversy\" (1989) #18.Great hard rock music here, and a few nice peer ballads, there's plenty of meat and potatoes on this disc.  \"Hang Tough\" # 34 MSR, \"Heaven's Trail (No Way Out)\" #13 MSR, \"Lazy Days, Crazy Nights\", \"Did It For Money\", \"The Way It Is\" #55 hot 100 and #13 MSR, the ultimate classic \"Love Song\" #10 hot 100 and #7 MSR and \"Party's Over\".  Best Tesla album of theirs on the market.  Due for a re-master.  Out."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This my favorite Wu Tang album.  It ditches the ultra-intense everybody-on-the-mic atmosphere of \"Enter The Wu Tang\" since the focus is squarely on GZA (despite numberous guest appearances from all Wu Tang Clan members)and replaces it with a creepy, even more subterranean feel.  This is some of RZA's darkest and heaviest production.  It fits perfectly with GZA's grim voice.  GZA always sounds threatening and scary but unlike the hyped up Ghostface Killah or macho-sounding Raekwon, The Genius portrays this with a laidback, creepily calm flow.  And great lyrics that are both streetwise and surprisingly complex.  Whether he's describing criminal fantasies, autobiographical slices of street life, or simply destroying rival MCs with battle rhymes, GZA sounds both wise and scary, kinda like an aging kung fu master who could kill you with his pinkie finger."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Seriously.  Just crank that puppy, and thrill to the way its glorious swooping bassline makes your subwoofer earn its living, and to the way it glides from DM's trademark minor key into major and back again, and to the way that it all just sounds so effortless.It clearly wasn't, of course.  These guys (now minus Alan Wilder) went through some well-publicized ugly times to get to the point that they were able to pull off _Ultra_ -- but they also managed to move beyond the stifling cynicism of _Songs of Faith and Devotion_ and come up with something catchy, cathartic, and occasionally quite moving.  I'd rank it right up there with _Violator_, _Black Celebration_, and (if I may plug a largely overlooked personal favorite) Mesh's _Who Watches Over Me?_ among the best albums ever released within its genre."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album, like its two predecessors defined Ike's work.  He shows his continued ability (having already proven himself an first rate writer) to take great songs in their own right and rearrange them to make them new and  different classics.  &quot;The Look of Love&quot; is a masterpiece, which  must give its creators new found pride.  However, there is no song like  &quot;You've Lost That Lovin' Feeling&quot;:  Sure enough a great work by  the Righteous Brothers.  A whole 'nother smoke when Ike puts his inimatable  stamp on it.A worthy successor to Hot Buttered Soul, and The I.H.  Movement.  Like those (unlike what followed) no filler."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Enya is in a class all by herself.  She envokes feelings and images that take you out of reality.  So many others have copied her sound (ala James Horner in TITANIC) that it's easy to see how much of an influence she has been.  &quot;The Memory Of Trees&quot; is a classic album.  From the emotional first track instrumental to the enchanting &quot;On My Way Home&quot;, Enya has created a pallete of wonderful pastimes and tragic metaphores here.  Yes, I would consider this pop/new age music.  And there's nothing wrong with that.  There are a number of people that don't like Enya.  There are jokes on South Park about her.  And that's good.  It shows how much of a musical force she is.  &quot;The Memory Of Trees&quot; is a good collection of material from a very important artist, who I hope will never give up her love of music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"Becoming X\" sounds like the trip-hop of a cold, advanced tech future with an approaching apocalypse. Yet, the music slightly glows with a human factor.Founded by Chris Corner(guitar) and Liam Howel(synth), The Sneaker Pimps released this debut record back in 1996, with amazing production from Line of Flight and Jim Abbiss. This is also the only Sneaker Pimps album where Kelli Dayton(later known as Kelli Ali through her solo career) lends her spunky vocals...and it contributes greatly to the attitude of \"Becoming X\".The album spawned two successful singles. `6 Underground' is a dreamy down-tempo techno-pop song that drove the success of the album. `Spin Spin Sugar' is fast, chaotic, bass-driven trip-hop that could fuel fire. However, every track on this record is great.`Becoming X' is one of my favorite electronica/trip-hop albums. I wish The Sneaker Pimps would've made more albums with Kelli Dayton, because magic happens!5 Stars!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Hearing Nick Drake for the first time was quite a revelation.  The guitar playing was so intriguing and...different.  And his voice really caught my attention.  This disc is awesome-I would say as perfect as an acoustic folk album can be.  &quot;Place to be&quot; and &quot;Which will&quot; are especially powerful.  No frills on this disc, just a man and a guitar.  There is an atmosphere of sadness that pervades this disc, it's great to put on when you have a lot on your mind.  It helps me slow down.  Essential."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Its great to see several cuts from NIGHT RIDE HOME featured on Joni'snew look back, &quot;THE BEGINNING OF SURVIVAL&quot;, (being releasedJuly 27th) . Although &quot;TurbulentIndigo&quot; received the Grammy and basically took itsblue print from &quot;NIGHT RIDE HOME&quot;, I really felt the warmthand devotion return with NRH, something I had missed from Joni's works over the years after Mingus. Although I really enjoyed Turbulent Indigo,Night Ride Home is special, moody, sad at times but itshows the real Joni Mitchell that overproduction sometimeshit with its colder touches(during the 80's). I still listened to everything Joni putout but this underappreciated collection of songs hit me just at a timein my life where I was reflecting about life and this musicfrom Joni really touched me. She's deeply spiritual, alwaysseeking answers yet always asking questions in her songs. I have listened to this over and over since its 1991 releaseand it still one of many Joni Mitchell classic favorites."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Evidently, there are 2 versions of this single.  I bought one way back in the day which has LOSER on it, accompanied by CORVETTE BUMMER and these two other UNBELIEVABLE songs!  TOTALLY CONFUSED, a mellow song with (get this) a female back up singer, and one of Beck's greatest songs of all time--MTV MAKES ME WANT TO SMOKE CRACK, where Beck tears it up on the piano.  You need to find this version of the single as well, because the songs on this particular version are really cool, but having a Beck collection at your home without MTV MAKES ME WANT TO SMOKE CRACK is like showing up at church naked...it's UNSPEAKABLE!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "1. Madness is pop fun with loud horns  2. &quot;Wings of a Dove&quot; (A Celebratory Song) is a wonderful Caribbean-sounding blast  3. &quot;One Step Beyond&quot; is a ska materpiece 4. &quot;Micheal Caine&quot; is a twisted delight  5. Madness completely trancends its '80s roots  6. That said, &quot;Our House&quot; is a dance classic  7.  Unlike a lot of 80's stuff (like most Time-Life collections) this is disc is nicely remastered  8. If you have only heard &quot;Our House,&quot; you're in for a treat - Madness is so much more than a one-hit wonder  9. It's goofy  10. It's fun"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is real tight.I decided to buy this album because I heard the Luniz on my homie Dru Downs album explict game, back in 94'.I liked they rap so I got this joint, and I wasn't disappointed either.I mean the Luniz ain't as good as Dru Down but they good enough to listen to.This album features  Dru Down,Richie Rich,Shock G and others.The Beats on this joint is real tight nice and smooth grooves to ride to.The lyrics is what separates the Luniz from anybody else in the rap game thoy.Them fools be saying the funniest stuff you can think of and they just make it sound real tight in they street based raps.So if you like WestCoast music like me you'll like this and if you wanna get a good laugh this the one for you too no doubt."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Although this lighthearted version of Sinatra doesn't appeal to me as much as his darker side does, there's no denying Riddle knows how to make anything swing, and the Voice delivered a tune--virtually any tune--better than jsut about anyone, save Ella Fitzgerald.And, while some of these tunes are a tad too cutesy for me, &quot;I've Got You Under My Skin&quot; is perfection, &quot;It Happened In Monterey&quot; shimmys seductively, and Sinatra's quiet approach to &quot;Anything Goes&quot; is charming."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "WOW, WHAT TO SAY? THIS ALBUM WAS AND STILL IS ONE OF THE DEFINING POINTS OF THIS PERIOD OF ROCK. TESLA ROCKED THE ARENA'S OF THE WORLD AND THIS ALBUM WAS THEIR BREAK OUT. COMPLETELY FULL OF GREAT SONGS. NO NOT ONE BAD ONE TO BE FOUND HERE! IF YOU HAVENT HEARD THIS ONE YOU SERIOUSLY NEED TO. TESLA CONTINUED TO PUT OUT GOOD ALBUMS BUT THIS IS THEIR BABY !ALSO IF YOUR INTO THIS TYPE OF GOOD TALENTED ROCK N ROLL CHECK OUT THE TORA TORA CDS. ABSOLUTELY WAY UP THERE IN MY OPINION. THESE GUYS WERE BEHIND IN THE GAME BLOOMING LATE AND GOT LOST IN THE GRUNGE BUT LORD HAVE MERCY THIS IS SOME OF THE BEST ROCK IVE HEARD AND IVE HEARD IT ALL."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I am not a Beach Boys fan.I consider this one of the 4 or 5 greatest albums of all time.The trouble with this album is that it constantly points out the musical genius--and I do mean genius--Brian Wilson was, and leaves you wondering how he could have plummeted to the depths that would hit him within just a few months of PET SOUNDS.As much as I love &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot; and &quot;Sloop John B,&quot; they seem second tier when heard in the context of this album.  &quot;I'm Waiting For The Day,&quot; &quot;Here Today,&quot; &quot;God Only Knows,&quot; and &quot;I Just Wasn't Made For These Times&quot; are all first rate Pop.PET SOUNDS also has what I consider to be the greatest Beach Boys track, &quot;Caroline No.&quot;  It is a perfect recording of a heartbreaking lyric."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "As has been said over and over again by many other reviewers, I feel this is the best Wu-Tang album, solo or as a group, period.GZA is the best lyricist of the group.  He has a great delivery and writes great lyrics.It also has the best atmosphere in creating what the Wu-Tang wanted to be about: kung-fu vintage clips; Rza's razorsharp beats; great lyrics and great songs.This is the best album that the Wu-Tang ever dropped, so it's surprising that it is generally overlooked."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album made NxD famous. It made Gwen Stefani into a star.The first four tracks on the album set the scene. The whole album is represented by those tracks.The rest of the album is amazing, but some of the songs go over your head. But that just gives this album more replay value.I hope NxD release their new album soon. Till then fans, myself included, have \"Tragic Kingdom\" and the acclaimed \"Rock Steady\" to tide them over.Favorite tracks: \"Spiderwebs,\" \"Excuse Me Mr.\" \"Just a Girl,\" \"Happy Now?\" \"Sunday Morning,\" \"Don't Speak\""}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Crisis being Oldfield's 1983 release and his 8th album and contains the well known track \"Moonlight Shadow\" which is such a great track. Other great tracks are \"Shadow on the Wall\", and \"In High Places\". The main track sounds like a bit like Jean Michel Jarre and Kraftwerk and is very experimental. We get some great linernotes but no lyrics but a list of whom plays what on each track. The cover is quite odd but I like the photo of Oldfield in the booklet. 4/5."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I have everything Ben has ever done since this album (with the 5, by himself, with the Bens, etc.).  This is still my favorite collection of Ben Folds tunes ever.  Of course I will always have a place in my heart for Whatever and Ever Amen (I listened to it literally 1000's of times after it was released!) but this is the disc I can go back to and listen to all the way through any time (Whatever and Ever has some definite slow sections).  This first eponymous CD is filled with great songs...every single one a \"keeper.\"  \"Jackson Cannery\", \"Philosophy,\" \"Boxing,\" \"Uncle Walter,\" \"Underground\"...great songs to drive around in your car and rock out to.  These guys were so good...I like Ben's solo work, of course, but the Ben Folds Five were the greatest."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This was my introduction to Sinatra, thanks to the rave reviews it received from Downbeat critics and readers upon its release in the fifties.  It still holds up as Sinatra's best-balanced, most polished swing album,  the standard by which his later versions of the same songs can be compared.  This is not to say that the interpretations he gives here are the  definitive ones: some listeners may prefer later, looser versions of  &quot;I've Got You Under My Skin&quot; or &quot;Pennies from Heaven.&quot;  But  without this album it's pointless to judge the later versions--by  Sinatra or anyone else.  With this album Sinatra, more than any other male  vocalist, showed what distinguishes a jazz singer from a pop crooner."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "On Brilliant Corners, the music was as challenging as anything he had done in the past, but now the public seemed to be ready for what he was doing. Many consider this the album to be a masterpiece, and rightly so. Max Roach's drumming on the title track sounds great--tight, and full of impact. &quot;Pannonica&quot; made its debut on this album, and features Monk on both piano and celeste at the same time. Originally recorded on the spur of the moment to fill space on the album, the tender &quot;I Surrender, Dear&quot; sounds like you're right there in the studio. &quot;Bemsha Swing&quot; is a bit sloppy, but Roach's tympani playing stands out much more than it did on the OJC version. The only problem I noticed here is a click at the beginning of the title track. Aside from that, it sounds fabulous."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In 1982, it seemed as if the new supergroup Asia would be the great white hope of AOR fans. Most of the 70's supergroups had either disbanded or faded into obscurity, and Asia looked to be the heirs of the format and the band that would continue the glories of FM rock into the 80's. Alas, after this first LP, Asia descended into mediocrity, turning out many more albums, none of which equalled this outstanding debut. This record is a document of What Might Have Been, simply put. Well worth owning, and a fitting coda to the great rock albums of the 70's."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "For his second solo album, KRS-One worked with a variety of younger hip-hop talents, perhaps in an attempt to resuscitate his street credibility and his commercial standing. Featuring appearances by Das EFX, Mad Lion, Fat Joe, and Channel Live, KRS-One is loaded with fresh talent of the first-rank and they help spark the Teacher into giving an inspired performance. The album also showcases a bit fuller production than Return of the Boom Bap, but that doesn't mean he has sold it out -- it just means he's continuing to experiment, which is one of the reasons KRS-One remained a vital artist nearly a decade after his first record."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "More Like 4.5 Stars. It is not a perfect record, but it is very unique and creative.  Key Lime Pie is slower than the albums before this one.  Dave Lowery writes witty and ironic lyrics which can make you think, laugh, or actually picture the scene for yourself.  The violin is absolutely soothing, even on the raunchy The Humid Press of Days. Borderline and I was born in a Laundromat are two best cuts. When I win the Lottery is down right hilarious.  This album will take time, so don't make your conclusion after the first or second listen. Let Key Lime Pie seep into your bloodstream and enjoy. Dave Lowery and CVB are genius! I will have the pleasure of purchasing New Roman Times when I get the chance.  Excellent!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "While many have compared Planet P Project to other prog rock bands one thing that still amazes me is how fresh the material still sounds ! Carey was able to produce an album that could convey a space or futuristic rock theme without relying on pure cold synthesized gimmickry that was prevalent in the early 80's. It's awesome 80's early rock;pure and simple. On the whole this is one album that has been a favorite of mine all these years due to it's atmospheric and rich-hook laden lyrics and musicianship. Fans of Pink Floyd, Alan Parsons, and even Enigma may be quite intrigued by this now 20 year old release with one of it's most captivating early MTV videos of Why Me ?..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Coming off the very good second effort of \"This Year's Model\", \"Armed Forces\" represents a slightly more mellow Elvis albeit with the same biting, hard-hitting lyrics.  The synthesizer comes more into prominence on this album which sees a departure from the Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers'-type sound of the previous album and the sound is less edgy.  Although not quite as good as the second album overall, this third album is no slouch either.This version of the album which comes in a mini-lp sleeve design which has an almost origami type cardboard outer cover which contains a booklet with both Japanese and English lyrics as well as 4 picture postcards has one of the best album covers I've ever seen; the artistic representation of a herd of elephants is simply stunning to behold.  The remastered sound quality is very good too.This is a real treat for all Elvis Costello fans and is certainly a collectors' item."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "There is always a day of reckoning. As the 1980's drew to a close, Don Henley's conscience cracked wide open, leaving no alternative but exorcizing the demons that dominiated from the mid-70's forward. This was the end of the innocence.The title track is an accomplishment in musicianship, but also a fine look at society's descent into shattered myths coupled with dreams destroyed. Great song for lying under a tree on a lazy summer day, wondering where it all went wrong.\" I Won't Go Quietly\" is a fabulous duet with none other than Axl Rose. It seriously rocks. \" If Dirt Were Dollars\" is so direct the metaphors get lost. \" The Heart of the Matter\", the closing track, finds Henley melancholy, accepting equal parts sorrow and blame. It's an open invitation to put self aside in order to return some dignity.A little philosphical, a lot melodic, this continues to stay fresh, almost twenty years later."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Planet P Project forgotten by most years ago thrives in today's music spectrum. Listen to the hip populist music of today... Radiohead, NIN, Coldplay, Remy Zero. Planet P belongs of this time. A concept album crafted and unique. Give it a try, I can assure you that you will spend a lot more for other discs that you will enjoy much less. This CD is best when listened to as a whole... while there were singles released in 1983 the songs form a journey that is best taken in the dark, cool, calm of night. Loaded with 80's fears of atomic wars and cold wars the work is somewhere between Floyd and Bowie....Give this a shot, you won't be let down."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"Loser\" is the song that put Beck on the musical map and this EP (5 songs, 23 min.) is essential to any Beck fan's collection. For one, none of the 4 bonus songs are on the \"Mellow Gold\" album.\"Corvette Bummer\" is in the same vain as the \"Mellow Gold\" album, with an irresitable beat. \"Alcohol\" is an accoustic reflective tune, quite nice. \"Soul Sucking Jerk\" is a 6 min. scratch-and-rap tune, also irresistable. \"Fume\" is the only weak track of the bunch.Beck has done many different things since \"Mellow Gold\". I loved \"Midnite Vultures\" but I just didn't \"get\" his latest CD (\"Sea Change\"). However, Beck's output from the \"Mellow Gold\"-era remains unsurpassed, and this EP is essential."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "People are right, this cd is a classic but I only gave it four stars because some of the beats on here just do flow right with GZAs crazy insane lyrics he spits on every song. Another problem is that there are only thirteen songs which to me, that with any rapper is just way to little.GZAs' probably my favorite Wu-Tang mc lyrical wise along with Ghostface and Ol' This happened to be one of my first Wu-Tang purchases, and I have to say, it won't be the last."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "No Doubt is probably the best alternative band out there, with second runners up by Garbage. My favorite tracks listed on TRAGIC KINGDOM are &quot;Spiderwebs&quot;, &quot;Just A Girl&quot;, and &quot;Don't Speak&quot;. I could actually really care less for the other songs on this CD, but I still enjoy No Doubt which was the reason why I gave this 4 stars. Anyway, if you love bands like Garbage than you should definitely get TRAGIC KINGDOM. Also get RETURN OF SATURN, which is No Doubt's new CD-release. Highly recommended."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "FRESH!  FOR 1988, you SUCKERS!!!How many people can forget that line?  If you don't know it, you don't have the album!  So what are you waiting for?  Buy it!Best Tracks:  &quot;My Philosophy&quot;, &quot;I'm Still  #1&quot;, &quot;Illegal Business&quot;; and the most HARD ROCKING track  is:&quot;YA SLIPPIN&quot;, which hijacks Deep Purple's &quot;Smoke on  the Water&quot; guitar riff and turns it into a hardcore hip-hop battle  rampage.Krs does a nod to spoken word poetry at the end, a first for rap  albums...&quot;See how it sounds, a little un-rational, a lot of MC's  like to use the word 'dramatical'&quot;. CLASSIC MATERIAL, AN YA KNOW  IT!!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This may not be their best album, but it's easily their most popular. The casual fan will find their biggest hits on here. This was released in 1987, and includes &quot;Still Of The Night&quot;, &quot;Is This Love&quot;, and the huge hit &quot;Here I Go Again&quot;. However most of the other tracks are nearly as good. &quot;Crying In The Rain&quot; and &quot;Children Of The Night&quot; are two other favorites. Overall they were one of the better hard rock/metal bands of the era, and had great taste in hood-ornaments too. Also better than &quot;Great White&quot;, and &quot;White Lion&quot;."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The 5 stars isnt for her beauty, for her musical talent. I have listened to this album countless times. Without a doubt a classic. Im not too big on much R & B I am more into underground hiphop but I have to admit this is music that will be felt from all musical background based audiences. I heard somewhere this album is like 10+ platinum.. and that isnt too hard to believe. Her 2 most international hits \"Makin me High\" and \"Unbreak My Heart\" on on this album. So make sure you get this album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In the mid seventies jazz-fusion was at it's peak and there was no shortage of quality records being released. For me, one of the fusion bands that stood out was Brand X. Their music was captivating, all band members were tremendous talents, but most importantly, they had an original sound. Thirty years after it's release, this debut disc still is amazing and would be a great introduction to this band. John Goodsall shreds with the best of them but his soothing guitar work is just as striking. The chirping tones that Percy Jones creates on his fretless bass are unmistakable. Robin Lumley enhances it all by playing the perfect keyboard riff at the right time, and Phil Collins, on a break from Genesis, laid down some exciting drumming, maybe some of the best he has ever done. Enjoy."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I bought this album the week it came out, and as a high school tenth grader and aspiring guitarist/ pop songwriter it was the wisest purchase I could have made. This is a recording that shaped me musically in just so  many ways. Elvis in his early days (first 5 or 6 albums) was the man as far  as lyrics go. No one else could ever be this clever with words. The  Attractions, especially Bruce Thomas on bass(one of the best in pop)were  the perfect band for Costello. I see the live EP (At Hollywood High) which  accompanied the original LP release has been added as part of the bonus  cuts; long overdue, and that 7 inch was such a bad pressing. This release  is indescribably essential for any young aspiring modern tunesmith."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Man this is one great blues guitar album! It may be listed under Albert Collins, but this is a true collaboration. Robert Cray really shines here and is much bluesier then you will find him on his own albums. All three share in the vocal duties and the guitar solos.  No one plays over each other - it's a great collaboration that results in a great album.  Just listen to the first cut and you will get a good taste of what is in store.  Buy it and enjoy."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I'm a huge Eagles fan and this is the best solo effort by any of them. I had Henley's greatest hits and loved all of the tracks, so I decided to pick up this album. I was thrilled. Every song is great. The Boys of Summer is one of those songs that just hits the stop so perfectly. It reflects how nostalga can't bring back the past. All She Wants to Do Is Dance rocks hard and perfectly expresses Henley's cynicality. Not Enough Love In The World is great ballad from a master. Sunset Grill is a great picture-esque tune about the end of small business and increasing corporatization in America. Man With A Mission, You Can't Make Love, and the title track really, really rock. You're Not Drinking Enough again conveys Henley's cynicism and rocks while it's at it. Every song her is worth it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This disk is famous for the great playing and drug influenced music.  \"Dear Mr Fantasy\", the title cut, features trippy guitar and Steve Winwood's soaring vocals.  \"Berkshire Poppies\" is an obviously a reference to one of the drugs of choice, featuring Winwood's ragtime piano. \"Dealer\" and \"Colored Rain\" are classic traffic rockers, that showcase the band's ability to mix winds and woodwinds through their music effectively. Dave Mason's \"Hole In My Shoe\" is a happier, chemically influenced tune, that shows a lighter side of his writing. In all, it is a period piece, that is different in that the melodies are catchy, and the musicanship great enough to stand the test of time."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Bryter Layter is Nick Drake working with expanded orchestrations.Five Leaves Lefthas subtle string, but here, horns and even female singers  are added.This almost sounds likeForever Changes, except that Love album ratiated Authur Lee as mastero, calling the shots. Drake seems to be a lone guitar player surrounded by adoring musicians on Bryrer Layer. His singing is mournful and self-effacing as ever.Which makes the album so effective. The musical buffer around Drakes subtle voice only highlights his poetic modesty as a singer. The contrast of his insinuating singing and the big shell of the arrangements works wonders. Listen to \"One Of These Things First,\"or \"Chime of the city clock.\"\"Poor Boy\" is a bit much. When the singers sing \"poor boy, feels sorry for himself,\" towards Drake, it underminds the depths of his sadness. The whole piece is a little mellowdramatic and insulting to Drake, who was struggling with a serious mental illness.But even this song is a good spin, and the album as a whole is top notch."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Toni Braxton enjoyed chart success since 1992 with LOVE SHOULDA BROUGHT YOU HOME off the Eddie Murphy's smash soundtrack BOOMERANG.One year earlier she came up with her first CD to her name.She was signed, arranged, and produced by Babyface, L.A. Reid and Darryl Hall.This trio is a true hitmaking machine.Proof be the three singles off the album that reached the Top 10 status: ANOTHER SAD LOVE SONG, BREATHE AGAIN and YOU MEAN THE WORLD TO ME.The album glides in R'n'B sound, 7 WHOLE DAYS is as black as any song can be and I BELONG TO YOU shows the lady can make your feet stomp anytime.But it's ballads where Toni gives her best: buy this cd, invite over someone you have had your eyes on for a long time, put it on skipping directly to CANDLELIGHT and let the music do the talking for both of you..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Pet Sounds is one of those albums that you just sit and listen to and say &quot;My God, these guys were truly amazing&quot;.  Brian Wilson was so far ahead of his time in regards to songwriting.  I don't however recommend this album to everyone.  This album is not &quot;packed&quot; with hits, but it is far better than most anything you would buy today.  If you are looking for a more radio friendly BBalbum, go with the greatest hits Vol. 1. But if you have a little extra cash, but this and see why so many contemporary artists believe that this is one of the best albums ever made."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This cd is an amazing document. If this was the only surviving artifact of the 20th century, of human civilization tout cour, then future races and alien species will undoubtedly be in agreement (however naively) that we were giants, that we, as a people, humans, earthlings, had emotional depth, a refined aesthetic sense, humour, intellectual refinement, and anything else you would want and hope for in sentient beings. The music here is perfect, sublime, peerless in its execution, epic in its scope, minute and detailed like the most finely wrought baroque trifle. Everything that it is to live and die in this world finds expression and reflection here. Unbelievable. Unforgettable. Unsurpassed. (100stars!!!!!!!!!)I don't know where I find some of the words contained here, anyway ..."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "R.I.P 2PAC YOU NOT TRAPPED NO MORE, AND I WILL KEEP YA HEAD UP. I SAY THAT TO SAY THIS, HEARTZ OF MEN TELLS THE TALE OF SMILLING BACKSTABBERS WHO DON'T UNDERSTAND LOYALTY FOR IF THEY DID WE WOULD STILL HAVE 2PAC & BIGGIE. IM CHOKED UP TO TALK ABOUT THIS BECAUSE A TALENT THAT WAS TAKEN WAS ONE OF GREAT MAGNITUDE, NOT BEFORE NOR AFTER WILL WE SEE ANOTHER TALENT LIKE 2PAC FOR THAT MATTER NEITHER BIGGIE, BUT I GOTTA GIVE IT UP FOR DA WESTSIDE FOR BEING THE BESTSIDE. ALL EYEZ ON ME IS AN ANTHEM FOR ANY PARTY OR CUSTOM RIDE HIT DA SHAW IF YA KNOW WHAT I KNOW."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "An energetic raw introduction to this eccentric trio. An unusual combo of piano &amp; vocals (Ben Folds), bass and drums works surprisingly well, with Folds hammering-chords more than compensating for the lack of  guitar.Many pianists will be trying to play his cunning riffs... Put  this in the car and you'll soon be bashing the dashboard rather than  playing air-guitar at the traffic-lights. Whilst their later offerings have  been more polished (and with the exception of &quot;Whatever and Ever,  Amen&quot; less satisfying), none have been as frantically engaging and  down-right fun as this little stormer.A perfect summer record - crank it  up, open the windows and find new friends. Everyone seems to like this  stuff, but they don't know who it's by. Educate them!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "&quot;American Psycho&quot; introduced the &quot;new&quot; version of the Misfits which included original bassist Jerry Only, longtime guitarist Doyle, and new members drummer Dr. Chud and singer Michale Graves.  Graves' voice bears a stunning resemblance to that of Glenn Danzig's, but the band as a whole suffers without Danzig's writing and musical talents.  However, &quot;American Psycho&quot; is much better than it is given credit for by longtime fans.  The album is chock full of catchy hooks and B-grade horror movie lyrics, and the rhythm section of the band has grown and Graves' voice sounds fantastic.  Standout tracks include the title track, &quot;From Hell They Came&quot;, &quot;Mars Attacks&quot;, &quot;Hate the Living, Love the Dead&quot;, and the excellent &quot;Dig Up Her Bones&quot;.  All in all, longtime fans may not dig &quot;American Psycho&quot; or any of the newer material bearing the Misfits name, but all together this is a solid album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I love E.C., I love the Attractions, I love Nick Lowe, so I was SO excited when this came out, as it was so hot on the heels of King of America. I was actually disappointed with King of America (it has improved with age, like  a fine wine), so I saw this as an obvious attempt to return to the  fantastic form of his pre-Punch the Clock days. As I listened, I was so let  down. I thought this album was a noisy mess with weak songs. As time  passed, I thought perhaps I'd been subverted by my own high expectations,  so I bought the Ryko reissue and gave it another chance. Well, my opinion  hasn't changed. It's still a struggle to listen to this album, possibly  even more so as my ears have aged and the mid-range heavy production grates  more than ever. I hate to say it, but I'd rather listen to Goodbye Cruel  World than this album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "So many good songs on this one! Try tracks 1, 3, 7, 9, 10, 14. Whether they're doing punk or pop or jazz or whatever, No Doubt makes it sound good. Gwen Stefani gets compared to Madonna, which embarrasses her, but she's a cute little blonde chick with Italian roots, so how could we not picture her as a mini-Madonna after Don't Speak, even though some of us can't help but gag at the comparison LOLDavid Rehakauthor of &quot;A Young Girl's Crimes"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "No doubt that this is the best Gangsta Rap-album ever. And no doubt that this is one of the best (maybe thee best) hiphop-albums of all time.If you are a fan of 50 CENT, Ja RULE, C-Murder, LIL ZANE etc and u do NOT own this you need to buy it QUICK becouse if it wasn't for this album none of them would sound like they do, IN FACT at many times they are stealing Tupac's art and that's a shame.People seem to think that CALIFORNIA LOVE is Tupac's best song but that's far from it, In fact I could mention 100 songs from TUPAC that is better. (but I won't)The best songs are: &quot;WHEN WE RIDE&quot;,&quot;SHORTY WANNA B A THUG&quot;, &quot;CAN'T C ME&quot;, &quot;ALL EYEZ ON ME&quot; hey, it's not many songs on the album who aren't great so BUY IT.Rate it: 5/5"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I have Cher's whole discograaphy sience 1987, when she released her first Geffen record. They're all great but definitely &quot;Heart of stone&quot; is the best.This album is from 1989, it includes some of Cher's biggest hits ever such as: &quot;If I could turn back time&quot;, &quot;just like Jesse James&quot; and &quot;After all&quot; next to Peter Cetera.&quot;Heart of stone&quot; became Cher's first multi-million selling album, it sold over 3 million copies in the Us and it's her best selling after her 1999 smash album &quot;Believe&quot;.Some of the song in this album were written by Diane Warren, one of the best song writers of all times, she writes song for singer such as: Michael Bolton, Celine Dion and Toni Braxton.Other hits of this album are &quot;Kiss to kiss&quot;, &quot;Love on a rooftop&quot; and the tittle it self."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "After 7's debut disc was released at time when almost every R&B record released was A-1.Two-thirds of the trio are the brothers of producer Kenneth \"Babyface\" Edmonds, and the other third is the cousin of Antonio \"L.A.\" Reid; the two produced the majority of the album, which features three smash hits and a host of other likable tracks. The singles released were Heat Of The Moment, Can't Stop and Ready Or Not. Can't Stop & Heat Of The Moment were both up-tempo dance numbers while Ready Or Not is one of the best slow jams released in 1989. However the one song to me that makes the CD a classic is \"One Night,\" an urban adult contemporary composition that was never released; it showcases Melvin and Kevon in an impressive vocal exchange over a mid-tempo rhythm."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is jus a good r and b album that still sounds good on 9/11/09.  I already heard Foolin Around, Stroke U Up, Keep it Right There, and now I am finally listening to more from Changing Faces.  All of the songs are so consistant and flow 2gether in that loving, good vibe way.  The sounds of the early 90's are precious.  I luv the song \"Am I Wasting My Time\".  I only wish I could find the remix for \"Feeling All This Luv\".  I bought the cd for that song but it's jus the album cut.  I had it on the cassette single for Foolin Around.  Every song on here is gr8, no skip-overs, get this baby.  I got this!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I will not have time to categorize the Sneaker Pimps, but one thing I can tell you is that lead vocalist Kelly Dayton was a great vocalist and Splenter is a completely different CD. If you were expecting the same because you heard Splinter, you might be dissapointed. This includes Ambient, Trip-Hop, and Techno without sounding too much like Tricky. The result? Not nearly what I expected.&quot;Spin Spin Sugar&quot; I thought, was a club song. But when I listened to the CD version I found out I was fooled. But &quot;6 Underground&quot; is still excellent with electronic guitar. I still think the title track, &quot;Becoming X&quot; was a lot more clubby than the rest of the album. However the sound still coporates through the album. Im too lazy to make a description so either a- just buy it and if you have to look at a review to buy it you must not be interested, or b- agree that this review is a waste of time."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Many (ignorant) people dismiss Joni's '80s work and don't even give it a chance. In my opinion, she has never made a weak album. Every single one is well crafted and well executed. Critics get caught up in comparing each album to the last one. Joni is a painter, and approches her music/albums the same way. Each one is a completely different piece that stands on it's own. She's never made the same album twice, and has never been afraid to experiment and take chances. This is a beautiful record. There are many duets with a wide range of people (Billy Idol, Willie Nelson, Peter Gabriel, etc.) I would recommend this or anything in the Joni catalog. She really amazes me with her consistant elegance and brilliance."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I love the Beach Boys as much as anyone.  Let me say that again.  I love the BEACH Boys as much as anyone.  By that I mean I love the Beach Boys who actually live up to their name, singing about the beach, girls, surfing, cars, and Rhonda.This is not the Beach Boys.  It can't be.  Why?  No beach songs!  I thought it was some kind of joke.  All &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; offers is the opportunity to hear Brian Wilson whine for forty minutes, backed by elevator music.  There's barely any Mike Love on the album at all.Way overrated."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "the fact that that amazon lists the following other artists as ones you may be interested in if you pick up this album: Black Eyed Peas, Usher, Ludacris and Britney Spears. Where has Outkast gone wrong in recent years?It's simple, if you enjoy Superbowl halftime shows and TiVo MTV for your favorite TV shows, please DON'T buy this album. ATLiens is nothing like the new stuff. This album is raw. It's scuffed. It's a 93 degree Atlanta summer Friday afternoon and there's nothing going on but bad traffic and this album.Pick it up if you liked the first (SouthernPlayalistik...) but don't bother if Speakerboxx/LB is what you are looking for."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I listen to a wide variety of music, and I think that Alison Krauss has the most beautiful voice in all of today's music.  The pop acts of today can't compare.  &quot;I've Got That Old Feeling&quot; has 12 exceptional songs from bluegrass to country including the title song, &quot;It's Over&quot;, and &quot;Wish I Still Had You&quot;.  Not only can Krauss sing, she plays the violin to perfection.  If you haven't listened to Alison Krauss yet, you are in for a treat!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"I'm not aware of too many thingsI know what I know, if you know what I mean...\"Sa ovim recima pocinje kultna pesma 80'., What I Am, koja i otvara jedan od najznacajnih albuma iste decenije Shooting Rubberbands At The Stars.Izuzetno mudri tekstovi plove kroz ceo album, koji su imali vidni uticaj na zenske izvodjace koje su donele 90'.Edie je uspesna na svakom polju, nebitno da li peva o ljubavi ili drustvu, pesme su pune osecanja, i nikako ne mozete izbeci njihov udarac pravo u stomak.\" I remember you put a chill across my facelike the air of December- I swear I remember it that wayI swear I remember itWhere r u know?\"Da li sada razumete o cemu pricam? Da li osecate jak uticaj Edie na Alanis Morissette?I to nije sve.Pravi sok dolazi na kraju albuma sa vise nego odlicnom besnom pesmom Keep Coming Beck.Odlican album za svaku preporuku.Uostalom What I am i Circle govore vise nego sto bi trebalo."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Very well recorded, with an emotional and beautiful voice, Toni Braxton is an artist who has definitely left an impression on the R&amp;B and Pop scene since her first album was released.  I love the sounds of this lady  and she sets the mood for the mournful lover or the lovers of the night  enjoying the mood she creates with her sound.  &quot;Unbreak My Heart&quot;  is clearly her signature song on this CD.  In this you can hear the pain  she sings about, along with the touch of Latin Guitar playing in the  background.  This recording is excellent from beginning to end.  I highly  recommend this CD to anyone who enjoys listening to the sounds of the  Lady's of the House.  Toni Braxton will one day be considered along with  Mariah Cary, Christine Agulaira, Celine Dion and others as true divas of  the decade."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Pink Moon is the one of the most revealing folk/singer-songwriter records out there..which is odd, because the lyrics are impenetrably nonsensical. I think the reason Pink Moon is such an emotionally stirring record are Drake's melodies and the intimate recording style; as well, the strange guitar tunings provide the mystique necessary to buffer the lyrics' surrealist imagery. The magic of this album is in it's less-is-more approach that conveys Drake's mental state at the time. A fitting elegy for one of folk-rock's most talented, and troubled, songwriters."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "...of a boring Monday night.I bought this album on cassette when it came out in 1987.  I'm listening to the CD as I write this review.  It is one of Cher's over-the-top albums, and I say that lovingly.  It's fun, full of catchy tunes, with an overblown production with credits that read like a who's who in studio musicians.  It is perfect listening when you are stuck in a traffic jam, or when you need music to propel you to clean your house.  The high energy songs will help turn washing your windows or dishes into a tightly choreographed routine.  Some reviewers refer to it as a comeback album, but for some of us, Cher never went away.  There might have been a few years absence from the music charts, but does it really matter?"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Asia was Steve Howe, John Wetton, Geoffrey Downes, and Carl Palmer. These four guys would become instant stars with their debut album, simply titled, Asia. Howe was already an accomplished guitarist with the progressive supergroup, Yes, while Carl Palmer brought his talents from the equally-successful progressive trio, Emerson, Lake & Palmer. Downes was a keyboard player for Yes' Drama album from 1980, and Whetton was an accomplished vocalist elsewhere. They would fuse their talents and come up with some of the most memorable songs of the 80's, and of all time. Songs like HEAT OF THE MOMENT, SOLE SURVIVOR, and ONLY TIME WILL TELL are classics to this day. These guys would stick around for several more years and albums, and wouldn't match the success of their first album. Still, they were a great band that put out some great music. 9/10"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This could arguably be the best Wu-Tang solo album.  Once again, the RZA lays down his amazing beats for his fellow Clan-mate to glide over.  The GZA, who is probably the Clan's most gifted MC, drops jewels throughout this album (peep &quot;Labels&quot;).  This is my second favorite Wu-Tang album behind &quot;Only built 4 Cuban Linx&quot;.  Also, his second Wu album was O.K., but the &quot;Legend of The Liquid Sword&quot; is hot too.  As far as this CD goes, certified classic."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The closest thing to a mainstream album that Nick ever recorded. There's even a near-rocker (\"Hazy Janey II\"), albeit one in Nick's usual somber style. I actually don't think this is nearly as good as the previous record or the next one: a bunch of weak instrumentals (title track; \"Sunday\"; \"Fly\"), and \"Poor Boy\" is the closest to overproduced Drake gets. Regardless, there are several fantastic songs: \"Hazy Janey II\" and its psychedelic-folk counterpart, \"Hazy Janey I\"; \"At the Chime of a City Clock\", which is some good jazzy stuff; \"One of Those Things First\" is charming but slightly rambling; and \"Northern Sky\" is one of the most resonant pieces in Drake's catalogue, which is saying something. So it's slightly uneven, but the best songs make it very worthwhile."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Don't be too mad at me, but I really just discovered 12 Play about a few weeks ago.  I've really been 'into' music the past few years.  I feel its important to go back and listen to the 'real' music.  This cd has always been in my house, but never listened to it.  I mean who doesn't kno Bump and Grind, Your Body's Callin, It Seems Like you ready.  But to me those aren't the only good ones on the cd.  I love the uptempo jams like HOMIE LOVER FRIEND, FREAK DAT BODY, my fave uptempo being SUMMER BUNNIES! It just screams old summer jam!  But besides the obvious the good songs all the releases SEX ME AND 12 PLAY are just so damn good.  There has never been an r&b cd since this and it's a tough act to follow."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I, too was shocked and amazed (and a little saddened)to hear Nick's Pink Moon used to shill for automobiles, and I can't help but wonder what people will make of this if they buy it because of the TV ad...this could most  accurately be described as &quot;uneasy listening&quot;, on a par with Neil  Young's &quot;Tonight's The Night&quot; and I would instead recommend  Bryter Layter for the uninitiated. However, this is my personal favorite  Drake LP, so yes, buy this one too, so you can discover what a very select  few have known for years...that Nick Drake was a major talent and the world  is a poorer place for his passing."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Tony Rich is a wonderful all-round artist. This entire album was produced, written, arranged and performed by him with only a small amount of help on a few songs by additional musicians. And every song is so good even though the album only spawned one major hit, &quot;Nobody knows&quot;. The other songs were for the most part, overlooked, and it is a shame, because there's not one filler in the entire album. The 16 page booklet includes numerous photos and all the lyrics. This really is a wonderful album, and highly recommended. If you are a fan of Brian McKnight then you will for sure love Tony Rich too."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's incredible that an album as obscure as this is still in print on vinyl. That said, the album itself was totally groundbreaking for 1968, especially with all of the early electronic effects (ring modulators particularly) used in the music. It's also worth noting that there is no guitar on the album- instead, the band opts for lots of really solid violin and awesome keyboards. The songs themselves are all very well written, especially those on side 2. My personal favorites are probably \"Where is Yesterday\", \"Love Song for the Dead Che\", and \"Stranded in Time\". The album isn't all too accessible initially, but with enough listening all of the tracks will eventually grow on you. And the vinyl pressing itself rules. Very quiet pressing, and comes in the original manila envelope. Would highly recommend to Jefferson Airplane fans, but anybody could enjoy this album. Well worth $20."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is not another lousy Celtic New Age album - it is a genuine piece of music, well written and performed with emotion. It never fails to send shivers up and down my spine for some reason... Ever since I heard Orinoco Flow Enya has cast her spell on me. She is just so different and strange and so utterly artistic. On this album every song is as perfect as it can get on a pop record, with melodies that have a tendency to lodge themselves into my brain. I have every Enya album to date, but this one seems to be particularly special. A must for any music lover!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Classic album, many classic albums dropped around this time, Straight Outta Compton, No One Can Do It Better, Boomin Words From Hell, Great Adventures Of Slick Rick, Paid In Full, etc.  Too $hort is very underrated rapper, and this is one of his finest works.  His beats are just incredible.  In songs such as Mack Attack, there are some nice instrumental parts to the song, which shows off how good the beat is.  His storytelling is incredible, one of the greatest storytelling MC's ever.  Bottom line is, get this album if u havent already, its a timeless classic, all tracks are the best but my favorite is Mack Attack."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Break up albums have that distinct charm of not caring that allows one to relax and bare their soul.  It also finds bands gripping at something they once had but not quite reaching it.  Like the Smiths &quot;Strangeways Here We Come&quot;, another good breakup album, there are good tracks and forgettable material alike.Their political side is highlighted in the mysterious &quot;Jack Ruby&quot;.  &quot;Laundromat&quot; rocks and contains one of their best lines : &quot;Just give me some tension release.&quot;  Their are some nice moments on side two.  The uplifting spring heralding &quot;June&quot;, and the lovelorn &quot;All Her Favorite Fruit&quot;.  I do enjoy this album, but there is  an inconsistency to it that just makes me want for more."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The true test of good Costello is ... do you find the songs running  through your head hours later?  With this album, I find one whole side  buzzing in my head - the second.  (In CD land where there is no sides, this  means songs 8 and up).  &quot;Pidgin English&quot; has one line that slides  so gracefully over one held synthsizer note that it's unforgettable.  You'll know what I mean when you come to it.  Keeping the songs short, yet  substantial, Costello works as if he were writing for 78's, and the sound  resembles that somewhat.  Lots of piano.  Yet not really nostalgic either.  I don't find the first side as compelling, and yet &quot;And In Every  Home&quot; is so charming that it almost redeems it.  Timneless All in all,  this is the one Costello album with an infinite Sell By date."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a great sophomore effort from Lisa Loeb. You will find Lisa experimenting with strings/orchestra arrangements which adds a certain quality to the CD that isn't found on the first album, \"TAILS.\" This CD was one that grew on me. The more you listen to the songs and hear all the production and work that went into each track, you appreciate it more and more! You realize why it was nominated for a Grammy for \"best engineered album - non classical\" or whatever they call the category! Be on the look out for Lisa Loeb's new, THIRD album, \"CAKE AND PIE\" ... In my opinion, it is one of her best CD's so far! \"EAT YOUR VEGETABLES NOW BECAUSE DESSERT IS ON ITS WAY!\""}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Self titled album that came out in 1982!1.  Space Age Love SongAwesome futuristic song about a guy falling for a girl2.  You can RunDrums and guitar riffs rule this.  You can't run from yourself.3.  Don't ask meA strange song about saucers.4.  MessagesIt's what it says.5.  TelecommunicationA repetitive dance song.6.  Modern Love is AutomaticEerie guitar riffs and hypnotic beats tells this story of love in the future age.7.  Standing in the DoorwayA groovy beat telling the story of a man spying on someone.8.  D.N.A.An Instrumental track featuring synthesizers and guitars.9.  I Ran (so far away)The song that they are best known for.10.  Man MadeThis album is awesome.  Favorite songs are Space Age Love Song, I Ran, You Can Run,D.N.A., Modern Love and Messages.Check it out.  I Ran is good, but there is more song wise to A Flock of Seagulls thanthat!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Billy Ocean. Good old Billy Ocean! Yepp, this is how real pop music is supposed to sound like.It seems all his golden oldies have been included on this greatest hits album: \"When the going gets tough\", \"Loverboy\", \"Get out of my dreams\" and \"Carribean Queen\". And yes, \"License to chill\" is there, too. Plus some ballads, but I find them boring.It's a pity that this is a CD rather than a DVD, since the videoclips of this singer are extremely entertaining. I mean, one of them features Danny De Vito. Another shows Jabba the Hutt (!). Or was that Danny in disguise? Billy Ocean has always been a visual experience, not just your average pop singer. But sure, the music without the clips works just as well.Well, what more can I say?"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I remember first hearing Vangelis' \"Heaven & Hell\" back in high school, and getting creeped out by the haunting Hell passages on the record and loving it. Having Jon Anderson as a guest vocalist only enhanced the record. A couple years ago I found this cd in a bargain bin at my local record store and picked it up. I still pull it out every now again (for some reason I really dig listening to this in the Fall season). It's a shame that music like this and artists like Rick Wakeman, Brian Eno and others, isn't still being made, instead the 80's & 90's came along, Prog-Rock gave way to New Age, you had Yanni and John Tesh take over the instrumental scene and water it down to elevator pap. It's a shame that music has to be pidgenholed into such confining catagories, and most folks are left unaware of all that is out there."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "What is the big deal? Wouldn't it be nice and Caroline no are great songs. There's 3 more good songs and a nice instrumental and the rest is filler. Sure, its great for a Beach Boys album but in the great universe of music this is just a really good pop album.I suppose if I'd never heard jazz or classical music I too would think that Brian's use of vibraphone and glockenspiel was some sign of genius. And if I'd never heard the Platters, the Lettermen or Manhattan Transfer I too would think that the Beach Boys were a great vocal band. Brian brought a good sense of vocal and instrumental arrangement together with some good material to create a pop record that had more depth than most at the time of its release. Just keeping it real."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Okay, so I have to admit it.  I own this CD.  I do listen to it from time to time, but that is becoming rare.  The beats were fun and maybe it was just the crazy video for &quot;Around The World&quot; that got me interested.  But enough is enough.  In &quot;Da Funk&quot;, how many times can you hear that one riff before your head explodes or you just have to turn it off?  Give me a break.  They have some good reiffs going, now they just need to get the rest of the songs going."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Too $hort is the biggest pimp ever and always will be. Even though he doesn't rap about much else, for some reason it never gets old listening to Short dog. Possibly because Ant Banks provides some of the funkiest beats, or maybe it's Too $hort's delivery and voice, but I will never get tired of listening to Too $hort. This album is his best, edging out Life is Too Short and Cocktails. It has the best production and Too $hort and company drop hot lyrics over the beats. Bay Area rap doesn't get much better."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is a good album. The production is pretty good, the guest appearances go well with Pac( Method Man, Redman, Big Syke, Outlaws, Daz, Kurupt) and Pac maintains a decent flow. However his subject matter on this album strays from a more focused and serious Pac to the full fledged thug. The subject matter of All Eyez on Me does not equal up to the level of his previous efforts such as Me Against the World, and 2Pacalypse Now. Once again, a pretty good album for beats and to bump in the car, but Pac left the focused, thought provoking lyrics in exchange for the thug."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "What Kind Of Man Would I Be is A Great Song.Sadly the SLow-Jams have Overtaken Mint So it's Hard TO Really Appreciate their Overall Ability to Play Many Different Styles.Rick James,Earth,Wind&fire,Gap band,Lakeside,Ohio Players&ew Jack Swing among other styles among others you can Hear on them.Minneapolis is in THE HOUSE On Ain't Hookin'Me  Up Enough which Sounds Alot Like PRINCE'S If I WAS YOUR GIRLFRIEND.Funky  Weekend would fit Perfectly on A New Time Album.The SLow Cuts SHow More  Originality than The Up-Tempo Stuff.Still You Gotta Give them Props For  Being A Real BAND In These Watered-Down Days Of R-N-B.I Prefer the 2nd Disc  Overall as their Best."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "nick drakes debut album sounds like the starting point for a lost cult legend. even though it's nicks first album, he sounds as though he has been recording his entire life. it's a very sad album (although not as sad as pink moon, mind you), but includes many more instruments than later works. there isn't a bad number on this entire album. every song is a work of art. nicks lyrics(even though they're much more like poetry) sound as though they were written in the 17th century. they really are works of genius and beauty, and nick was without a doubt, one of the greatest poets of the 20th century."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "A nice opening salvo in the Afro-Brit invasion; too bad that it never materialized as strongly as promised.  Still, this CD manages to hit all of the high notes while, for the most part, avoiding too many cliches along the way.  Some songs hold up much better than others over time - \"Back to Life\" and \"Fairplay\" are two good examples.  Some songs were good for the time, but now ound dated - \"Dance\" and \"Jazzie's groove;\"  others, like \"Feel Free\" are embarasments.  The rest of the disc is okay, but I have serious issues with whoever decided to put \"Dance\" and \"African Dance\" - two versions of the same song- back to back with each other."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Toni's sophomore set continued her progression from an excellent debut.  This is a strong collection of songs where Toni's vocal phrasings and the song melodies are beautiful from one track to the next.  On the Babyface productions, it's like he & Toni are both halves of one brain - and although more Adult Contemporary than straight R&B;, the songs are still memorable, melodic and beautiful.I saw Toni on a commercial recently which prompted my little Toni-athon and rediscovered singles that I hadn't listened to in a while: THERE'S NO ME WITHOUT YOU, WHY SHOULD I CARE, IN THE LATE OF NIGHT and FIND ME A MAN in addition to the \"hits\" that I love: LET IT FLOW, I LOVE ME SOME HIM, UNBREAK MY HEART & YOU'RE MAKING ME HIGH.Overall this is a great second offering from one of my favorite vocalists who we need to hear more new music from!  Please come back soon, Toni!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I've only really heard three of Billy Ocean's albums, but this is probably not his best. Billy Ocean was one of my favorite singers back in the early '80's, so I may enjoy this album more than others. His popular ballad, \"The Colour Of Love\", is one of the better hits, but I think I like \"Here's To You\" better. \"Here's To You\" has better lyrics, more positive than \"The Colour Of Love\", and the rhythm sounded just a little more like a tender ballad. \"Get Outta My Dreams, Get Into My Car\" was a song that was popular on the radio back then, but seems a little silly to listen to these days. As a whole, this album disappoints a bit, but isn't too bad. Perhaps with a couple more hits on this album, it would have been one worth keeping for the long run."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is one of my favourite albums of all time. The themes are consistent through-out the entire album, and references to DisneyLand are hidden through out. This is one of those cds you should have on a top 200 basis, especially if you love 90's music. The singles on this album are superb, but even the non-single tracks are awesome. The title track is epic. Also good are Happy Now, End it On This and World Go Round. Classic Ska, Classic 90's, and just good stuff all around."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I bought this CD back in August and I have only listened to it once(when I needed music to fall asleep to when there was nothing on the radio). I have heard that this CD is &quot;depressing&quot;, but when I heard it, I found  nothing depressing about. Maybe it was because I wasn't concentrating fully  on it, but I wasn't impressed. Maybe if I looked at the lyrics(if I could  find them) and found the true meaning of the songs I would like it better.  Maybe when I listen to it again, I'll give it a better review."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I got 5 on it. Every one knows that songs. I got this when I was heavey on the bay sound in 95. This album is the bomb and its kind of funny to, because of the slangs words they use and their clever wordplay. Just listen to song 13 where they use the barney songs chourus lyrics. THey have pimp songs,dance songs, smoke songs. I like song 6 the best ,its smooth. This is the begging of yukmouths career he went solo after the luniz broke up and he hot. He isnt a to comical now though  he is more  gangsata now. Check him out also. Get the luniz too."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This is a great album from the Man Right Chea himself, Mystikal! Mystikal is tight and also hilarious with his crazy, flippin lyrics that work well with the tight beats on this cd! The best song on here is Here We Go but most of the other songs are tight as well, including 13 Years, Unpredictable, Ain't No Limit, Murder 2(which I think they messed the title up on. It should be Murderer 2, but oh well), U Can't Handle This, The Man Right Chea, D**k On The Track, and Sleepin With Me. This is an excellent cd from No Limit, so if yoou like No Limit, or if you just like Mystikal, or if you just like crazy, hilarious lyrics, then check this album out today!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Earth A.D. is probably the heaviest, most aggressive recording The Misfits have ever released. This CD features their famous song \"Die Die My Darling\", as well as many other great songs. \"Wolf's Blood\" is a twisted portrait of a man who is transforming into a werewolf. Danzig's howls of pain and aggression are amazing, and the frantic guitars and drums in the song make it a favorite. \"Queen Wasp\" and \"Earth A.D.\" are very heavy songs, although those two tracks in particle don't have great sound quality. Right after this album was released, thrash metal was unleashed in the world of Rock. Coincidence? Perhaps, but this CD obviously had to have some influence on the artists of the category. Pick this one up today."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "12 Play is the debut album from R. Kelly. This album is great if you love R&B; and sexual themes.\"Your Body's Callin\", \"Bump N' Grind\", \"Homie Lover Friend\", \"Summer Bunnies\", \"12 Play\" and \"Sadie\" are my favorite songs. The rest of the album is good too.R. Kelly has a very strong voice and he produces, writes and arranges all of his music which makes him a very versatile artist.If your just getting into R. Kelly, I recommend these:Chocolate FactoryTP-2.comR.The R In R&B; Collection, Vol. 1R. KellyHappy People/U Saved Meand Robert's new album, TP-3 Reloaded is real good. Songs on that album that I recommend listening to are: \"Playa's Only\", all of the \"Trapped In The Closet\" chapters, \"Remote Control\", \"Sex Weed\" and \"Sex In The Kitchen\"."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "But did you expect any less?Most blazing cuts- &quot;The MC&quot;, produced by newcomer Domingo; &quot;A Friend&quot;, knocked out by Showbiz; &quot;HIPHOP&quot;, featuring Thor-El.  Rare promotional copies may include  &quot;Stop Scheming&quot; featuring R&amp;B crooner, Joe.&quot;Step Into  A World&quot; is featured twice- first in the Jesse West version, and then  the ruff-and-ready remix featuring none other than Puff Daddy!  Hear  today's top hitmaker trade lines with the Blastmaster!!Also, an  experimental thrash cut, &quot;Just To Prove A Point&quot;, does just that.  KRS can pretty much rock over any style that he chooses! (and personally,  I would absolutely LOVE for him to do a whole Rock album!!!!)"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Celly Cel really does his thug thang on this album!  He throws in his complex, loud, and often fast flow over tight G-Funk beats.  A standout track is \"What U N----z Thought.\" The song is laced with some of the hardest beats and rhymes in gangsta rap.  A menacing foreground beat with a Dr Dre'ish whiny keyboard synth in the background.  He sounds really angry and crazy on that song.  \"It's Goin Down\" is a lot slower.  It has a nice slow jam beat with the occasional faint use of a talk box reciting: \"It's goin down\" during the hook.  Throughout the album, he shows the harder side of California life!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Wes Montgomery was truely gifted at the guitar. He couldn't read a single note of music but his style was very distinct, he used his thumb to play the guitar, he also used incredible octaves in his style as well as tremendous solo's. Boss Guitar for me was Innovative for any jazz guitarist. It showed Montgomery's creativity as a musician. Besame Mucho is a beautiful song, Dearly Beloved shows Montgomery's creative side, Fried Pies is my favorite, for me it has everything a jazz solo should have octaves, block chords, and tremendous playing from the heart. I recommend this to any guitarist out there weather you play the blues or rock. Try learning these solo's and i guarantee you will be one hell of a great guitarist. This is Highly Recommended!!!!!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Ian Anderson's 1st solo album,well what's so different about that, virtually every Tull album since Mick Abrahams departure is an Ian solo album. Of course this had to happen in the early 80's when everyone made their stinky synthesizer robot boy album and this one's no exception. Like The Human League with a flute player. Very Un-Tull, so was Under Wraps; at least 'A' had Eddie Jobson, chops a plenty, and still a nod or two to the more earthy past. Pass on this one please!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "\"Get In Where You Fit In\" is not only my favorite album by Too Short, but definitely one of my all time favorite hip hop records. The first six tracks of the album starts the lp off with a bang, while it kinda slows down later on. \"I'm a Player\" and \"Just Another Day\" are what made me want to buy this years ago. I'm not into the new stuff Short's doing these days, but i always listen to the Golden Age Short (88-94 or 95). Short Dog's best, bar none."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Changing Faces' recording career was off to a good start with this self-titled debut album. The name Changing Faces alluded to changing trends in 1990s R&B, which was moving away from new jack swing and toward a softer type of medium-tempo groove. In fact, pretty much everything on this CD, favors a medium tempo sound-- the New York duo doesn't overwhelm the listener with either slow ballads or fast material. Cassandra Lucas and Charisse Rose, collectively Changing Faces, are strong singers -- and while slow jams like \"Thoughts of You,\" \"Movin' On,\" and \"Come Closer\" aren't mind-blowing, they're pleasant enough. Not surprisingly, \"Foolin' Around\" and \"Stroke You Up\" (both written and produced by R. Kelly) became major hits."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Paul McCartney himself credits Brian Wilson's Pet Sounds as the muze for  Sgt. Pepper's.  Listen critically to the tracks and echos of Pepper  resonate, from the melodious use of bass guitar to the masterful  orchestration of these odes to teenage angst.Is Pet Sounds better than  Pepper?  Beside the point.  But without Pet Sounds, and the competition  Brian Wilson represented to the fab four, you may very well have a  different Pepper, or perhaps no Pepper at all.You haven't heard genius  until you've heard Pet Sounds.  It is an album for the ages."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "INVITE 2 TO 1000 OF YOUR CLOSEST FRIENDS OVER FOR A HOUSE-PARTY; GET OUT THE CARDS, PLAY SOME TONK, MAYBE SOME SPADES, PUT THIS CD ON FIRST AND PLAY IT, DRINK SOME KOOL-AID, PLAY MORE CARDS, CUSS AND EXXAGERATE STORIES, PLAY A WHOLE BUNCH OF DIFFERENT MUSIC IN-BETWEEN AND THEN, NEAR THE END OF THE PARTY, PUT THIS CD ON AGAIN...MOST OF THE INTERLOPERS SHOULD HAVE LEFT BY NOW AND YOU AND YOUR REAL-REAL BUDDIES CAN DO WHAT'CHU DO. ENJOY."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "When I first heard this cd I was blown away. I love everything on it  except the Doors cover. The beats are fresh. The bass is thick. The layers  are perfect. Tracy Thorn has become one of my favorite singers because of  this record. It really made me re-evaluate where my music was going. In a  time when people swore grunge was the future of music these cats were  playing it ultra cool. In the question of 5 cd's I would take if stuck on a  desert island this would make the cut without thinking."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I don't think Joe had made an album like this before its release and he definitely hasn't made one since like it. It is a somewhat popish album and not all of the songs are on the mark, but others are excellent, in both a musical and lyrical sense. &quot;Obvious Song&quot; may not be mindblowing, but it's typical Joe, as he vents about a few different social topics that he happened to have on his mind at the time. I absolutely love &quot;When Your Not Around&quot;, &quot;The Other Me&quot;, and &quot;The Old Songs&quot;. Most of the rest I would classify as good. In this case, the whole is certainly greater than the sum of its parts. Thus, a four stars rating."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I read some review where people said it was rushed. Tupac wrote these songs before he died. These songs were never altered, sold, poluted, or reprised by any other producer/artist. Eminem never got a chance to add his voice or 50 cent's to a song or album. I believed it was somewhat of a cry from the grave, or in a sense final words to poets and fans alike, who could benifet from his wisdom. This album is not be appreciated for its abilty to entertain a club or crowd. And not all rap albums arent supposed to. I believe this album to be the true voice of Tupac after his grave. It is familier of his \"Me Against the World\" album. I urger anyone who is looking for a cd to bump in their car, play at a party or while cleaning their house TO NOT BUY THUS ALBUM, But anyone who wants to know what Tupacs real future for his music to do so! Please lets not poision his legacy lets uphold it."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This was Roy Orbison's last album, which came out shortly after his death.  It went on to become his best selling album ever.  No doubt the publicity surrounding his death helped sales, but a lot of it had to do with \"You Got It\", which was Roy's last hit single.  \"You Got It\" is a great song, and there are several other fine songs here.  I especially like \"She's a Mystery to Me\" and \"The Comedians\".  This album makes a good final testament to the greatness of Roy Orbison.  Recommended to Roy's fans."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Here Joni's creative embers are glowing brightly again. Her languid voice is accorded poetic justice by the sparse backing on themes eternal - religious symbolism surfaces in Passion Play and Slouching Towards Bethlehem (an adaptation of a Yeats poem). The topic of growing old, gracefully treated in Nothing Can Be Done and Come In From The Cold, is brilliantly balanced by the teenage romance of Ray's Dad's Cadillac, in which Joni puts one over Rickie Lee Jones, one of her imitators. Savour these lines: \"Ray's dad teaches maths/I'm a dunce, a decimal in his class/When it comes to mathematics/I get static in the attic.\" Well, this is music - not maths - and Joni gets four out of five for composition and performance."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "[...] new cds.  \"...the genius is nothing in comparision to this guy, this album shows what real hip-hop is all about...\"  Pretty much self-explainatory.  [...] you got no clue, go back to your pop rap [...] and you saying he defines hip-hop.  He is a sold out commercial artist, producing radio hits.  On the other hand, The GZA's name really defines him - GENIUS.  This album is one of the greatest ever.  It's simply amazing, some of the illest beats you will ever here, with some of the tightest rapping and sick flow, plus tight LYRICS.  This album is really classic, i am addicted to it.  Best tracks are Investigative Reports, Shadowboxing (my favorite), Duel Of The Iron Mic, and Swordsmen, but every other song is a classic.  Get this if for some reason you haven't already.  This is hip-hop at its best."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Asia is the grandest superband on earth. But why Asia? They tried to show that this is no traditional British progressive rock nor American progressive hard rock and it lies somewhere between. Heat of the Moment, Only Time Will Tell, Sole Survivor are super-excellent. Particularly interim keyboard bridge part of Soul Survivor has been embedded in my memory for so long. Rest of the tracks are very dynamic as well and showing the longtime legacy of British prog a bit. John Wetton's clear voice is another of the band's appeal. Recommended for wide range of melodic rock and progressive rock fans who may like Dream Theater."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Obviously, from all the other reviews posted here, there is quite the chasm between the love-or-hate-it listeners.  I am here to comment only on the audio.The original, now out-of-print 1990 Chrysalis-label CD was just an LP-EQ'd master transfered to CD.  The 1997, also now unfortunately OOP UK BGO-label version, was properly remastered for CD, and is head-and-shoulders the superior version of the two.So, if you are going to buy this somewhat controversial album, at least get the version that sounds the best... The BGO."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "No Doubt is one of the few bands who improves with each album.! Gwens vocals are far less whiny on this album,and the lyrics are more serious then their debut.!Althou their debut was a flop for them I *Love* it you should check that out as well.!This album spawned such major hits as &quot;Don't Speak&quot;, &quot;Just a Girl&quot;, and &quot;Spiderwebs&quot;.!Which brought this ska band to super stardon they sold over 10 million copies of this album.! I bought this album without hearing a single song from it.!And I am proud to say I was NOT disapointed it is actually a good album.!If you are looking for something that is not over produced and more original then Britney Spears then check out No Doubt's &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot;!!! The best songs here are &quot;Spiderwebs&quot;, &quot;Don't Speak&quot;, &quot;Just a Girl&quot;, &quot;Excuse me Mr.&quot;, &quot;Sweet 16&quot;, and &quot;Different People&quot;.!But that's just my opinions!!!Just check out this album!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Like most 1970s Isaac Hayes albums, To Be Continued mines the revolutionary direction the Black Moses laid withHot Buttered Soulin 1969--taking pop songs and making them into huge, funk-orchestral odes.On Hot Buttered, this was unprecidented. To Be Continued is almost as good. But the hard funk edges here are beviled down, in favor of lush balladry essays. This is certianly a viable direction, and it is amazing to hear Hayes carve out huge caverns of sound from consice AM pop tunes.If the funky spikes had been maintained, at least for a number or two, this may have made for a better album, but for technique and the massive arranging talent that was Isaac Hayes, its hard to argue against this album"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "[One CD, with a running time of 44 minutes.] Ah...this wonderful CD shows off Enya's silky smooth voice. The eleven tunes are hauntingly beautiful. I won't try to categorize her music, it is simply too rich and complex.The paperwork includes the words to ten of the songs (The Memory of Trees is a musical number), and two nice color pictures of Enya. (I love extras!) So, if you like Enya's past hits, then I think that you will like this one as well. Buy it!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Lisa Loeb's 1995 Tails album was very well anticipated after that 1994 megahit Stay.  It lived up to all the hype.  Very solid pop songs and excellent songwriting from Lisa.  She has managed to stay in the spotlight for a decade making very solid songs and albums that she chooses to do.  I wanted Do You Sleep to have the same kind of airplay and huge response that Stay did, keep that momentum going. Wanted it to go to No. 1 too, but it peaked at No. 18. Actually, adult contemporary stations liked that song more than the pop stations.  She rocks on several songs on the second half and takes no prisoners.  Loeb is one of the '90s best songwriters and this album proved that."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "This album is just guitar and voice with a smattering of piano here and there. It contains classics like \"Radio\", \"Which Will\" and the well-known title track. \"Know\" is almost bluesy with its simple guitar and haunting voice, while the jangling guitar of \"Parasite\" has an almost hypnotic quality. \"Ride\" has a lovely pop melody and has been covered by other artists, I think. \"From The Morning\" is another pastoral gem. Although delectable in its minimalist elegance, Pink Moon is not my favourite Nick Drake album. I just enjoy his voice more with a fuller instrumental backing. Still, this remains a minimalist classic."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "The Luniz debut album is a classic gangsta-rap album at gangsta-rap prime times. It's 2001 and I still like listening to it. So... I think it's off the hook! Maybe this ain't a well-planned album but that ain't a point of gangsta-rap. It's about repping the OAK on their G-level. Some people may know them from 'I got 5 on it' but there's much way better tracks on the album. I don't wanna dis' 'I got 5 on it' cuz that rtack a WestCoast classic but there's songs with better lyrics.  But I can admit that I really nod my head on \"I got 5 on it (+ the Reprise)\" and \"5150\", too. In addition, I can't dis' the Luniz 1st album in no way! That's a classic and everybody should'a admit it! Told: 5-stars!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "It's my first CD bought from Amazon and it's one of the best albums of Patti. Different styles but a unique big voice! Hear her Aretha's voice in the track 5, for example! Track 1 is a new version of the first song in her album \"Havana Candy\".  Track 2 shows us her \"Ability To Swing\". Tracks 3-4-10 are beautiful ballads. Track 6 is the reggae one. Tracks 7-8 have a sweet sound. Track 9 is my favourite of the album, in a gospel style."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Why do I say that?  It's because it encapsulates the decade better than any other did both musically and lyrically.  The 80s were, indeed, the end of the innocence for many, many of us.  In my case I got married, had kids, got divorced and changed careers at least 4 or 5 times.  The music fits every niche and cranny, from the metal edge of &quot;I will not go quietly&quot; to the satire of religion in &quot;Little Tin God&quot; and the failed materialism of &quot;Gimme what you got.&quot;  All summed up in the overture of the brilliant title cut and ending with the heartbreaking &quot;Heart of the matter.&quot;  To me there simply is no argument to make.  This is the best album of the 80s."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I Got tons of stuff on Bird,Mingus,a few on Powell&amp;Roach&amp;a few on Dizzy.but having all of that Genius on Set makes up big time.The Music&amp;Arrangements are Incredible.Bird changed the Game Forever.He is  One Of Jazz's Greatest Pioneers.DIzzy blows The Mind with His Tone.Miles  Davis always gave him Mad Props.Roach is one of the Greatest Drummers ever  in any Style of Music.Powell Rings up Keys&amp;has been featured on Many  Important Recordings.Mingus who I got turned onto a Couple Years back is  Amazing.Simply put.His Tones&amp;Drives are Gold too the Ears.Very  Essential."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "I heard this album when it first was released and was totally impressed. I had to go and buy the two that were released prior to this one and have bought each new realease that followed. Although I'm not crazy about \"Almost Blue\" ,  \"Painted from Memory\" or that album with Sofie Von Otter. (Sorry Sofie, your a terrific singer....)The rest have been great and I still think that Goodbye Cruel World is terrific. I played it a lot when it was first released and still listen to it.The review from above:\"Armed Forces was the last title in a trilogy of albums that rank with the greatest three-LP series in pop-rock history. In retrospect, it also now appears to be the one on which the young Costello's pop tendencies peaked, right before they began to \"mature\" and grow less accessible. \"What about \"Get Happy\"??? I thought that album was very accessible!!!"}
{"label": 9, "raw": "One of Billy Ocean's best releases, this album features a nice mix of funky upbeat cuts (&quot;Stand And Deliver&quot;, &quot;Gun For Hire&quot;) and romantic &quot;Quiet Storm&quot; ballads (&quot;The Colour Of Love&quot;, &quot;Here's To You&quot;). The highlight of the album is the FULL-LENGTH version of the huge hit &quot;Get Outta My Dreams, Get Into My Car&quot; (the version on his Greatest Hits CD was a shorter radio edit). This album is filled with fun pop music, but there are enough sophisticated touches to keep it interesting (such as a trumpet solo on the uptempo song &quot;Pleasure&quot;). For fans of elegant 80s music, this will be a nice addition to your collection."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Once I picked up &quot;Becoming X&quot;, I felt like I became one of the lucky people who knew this for more than just the great single &quot;6 Underground&quot;. If you liked that song, most of the others are as good. &quot;Low Place Like Home&quot; and &quot;Spin Spin Sugar&quot; I like just as much. My favorite though is &quot;Post-Modern Sleaze&quot;. It consists of this odd combination of acoustic guitar and trip-hop beats, but works really well. Sweet lyrics too. Then the next-to-last song &quot;How Do&quot; is nice and mezemorizing. Some people say this disc sounds dated, but isn't everything? I still play it often."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Just a classic CD on this one. Wow, from start to finish, this album is just loaded with tracks from &quot;Your Body's Callin'&quot; to &quot;12-Play&quot;. My favorite track is &quot;Seems Like Your Ready&quot;, a slept on classic song. To me this is where R. Kelly starts production spree of songs from Hi-Five's &quot;Quality Time&quot; on. Of course, the two stand out songs with the remixes for &quot;Bump &amp; Grind&quot; &amp; Your Body's Callin'&quot;. So please get this one because it is a definite can't miss."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "There is a soft & endearing beauty to \"Night Ride Home\" that gets me everytime. With vivid imagery of Botticelli angels, questions of religion, & yearning for warmer weather, \"Night Ride Home\" remains an underrated masterwork. As always Joni expresses herself with those ravishingly perfect lyrics that are thought provoking & truly poetic. There are songs on simple acoustic guitar (Passion Play, The Only Joy In Town, Night Ride Home, Etc.) Wonderful synths (Nothing Can be Done, Ray's Dad's Cadillac, Etc.) & a welcomed return of piano on the truly breath-taking closer \"Two Grey Rooms\" a story of forlorn love. Joni yearns:\"You look so youthfulTime has been untruthfulHeaven knows I loved you30 years agoHot days, your shirt's undoneRainy days, you runOh and then you fade so fastBelow my window.\"\"Night Ride Home\" is a wonderful journey. I happily ride shotgun with every listen."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "In my view, this album by itself represents the birth of New Wave (that is, before it had a name).  When the Cars released this, their first, there simply was no other sound like it--and it would take years before other artists even came close to reproducing the cool, beat-laden, tech-heavy resonances of such songs as Good Times Roll, My Best Friend's Girl, Just What I needed, You're All I've Got Tonight, and the terrific combination of Moving in Stereo and All Mixed Up.  In short, mock all you want the haircuts and vapid lyrics of the boy bands which came later, but this one is real, hard, and as original as it gets."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "&quot;Walk On By&quot; completely altered the sound and scope of 70's soul and &quot;Hyberbolicsyllabicsesquedelamystic&quot; re-wrote the book on length, sound, texture and content in most popular music, oh, and it GROOVES LIKE A LOCOMOTIVE! This sprawling masterwork (containing only 4 tracks) is still an impressive LP more than 30 years after it's release and dozens of other soul/rock artists followed the path Hayes laid down. There is not a moment wasted here and Hayes proves himself to be a writer, arranger, composer and player without peer.Essential Listening."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Ah, the sound of those synthesized drums that were EVERYWHERE in 1984. If Orwell had his book to write over again, he'd warn us about the shelf life of those babies.  Musically, songs like the title track and \"Sunset Grill\" scream to you loud and clear exactly when they were made, but the album still hits home today.  With Walmart and various other corporations running the world, the lyrics of \"Sunset Grill\" are even more relevant today (and ironic, since the real location is now owned by a corporation!).  \"A Month of Sundays\" has got to be one of the most poignant songs I have EVER heard, and it could certainly apply to many industries besides farming.  \"The Boys of Summer\" still holds up as just about the best song from the 1980's, and \"Not Enough Love\" and \"You're Not Drinking Enough\" show us why Don just might be the best vocalist in all of popular music."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Listening to \"In Concert\" today, I am struck by Joan Baez's keen ability to interpret these beautiful folk songs.  She truly was in her element.  More than that \"achingly pure soprano,\" she was able to convey the drama, the pathos, and the sheer longing of the lyrics.  Just listening to her performance of \"Matty Groves,\" I can get so drawn in to the song that I can visualize the proceedings.  She was also a very accomplished and talented guitar player.  Joan Baez had a tremendous impact on American popular music and you can hear why in this recording."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "From the cool way she sings the word 'find' on the opener &quot;Come On Over Here&quot; to the percussive, bass-heavy track produced by Tony Rich, &quot;Secrets&quot; is an extraordinary piece of ordinary music. While there is nothing especially innovative about it, Toni's second LP is a pleasure from start to finish (save for the horrendous &quot;How Could An Angel Break My Heart&quot; bleccchh!!)and it features one of my favorite Braxton tunes, the half sung/half spoken &quot;Talking In His Sleep&quot; a seductive, percolating jam that features some of her best vocals ever and a brilliantly minimalist track with live drums, keyboards and some wicked wah-wah guitar on the final chorus. &quot;Secrets&quot; is Toni Braxton's finest hour and a testament to the quality pouring out of LaFace Records in the mid 90's."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "If you are in a party mood, this is definitely a record to play. The variation between tracks is not that great but that is not the most critical issue hear because most of the songs are really good.  The extra  tracks add soemthing sepcial especially the last three acoustic ones as I  never pictured Elvis as an acoustic artist.  He does quite well in that  realm.  However, Pump It Up, Lip Service, and No Action are my three faves  on this one.  Elvis really puts alot of effort into this one and that will  make it a good deal for most record collections."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "Selling around 7 million, makes a good state, that this album is no mistake to buy it!, Paula Abdul debut album embraces the music of the end of th 80's and the welcoming of the 90's, she should be remember as the top artist of that slack of time cuz she was, better than Madonna and Janet. For my taste 9 of the 10 album cuts are great. Next to you(should be left out), The other songs are definetily great! and the 6 singles release in this album are just classic, sadly as most of all the albums in the eighties the radio version were slightly different but if you want that The Greatest Hits will do you good(beautifuly crafted all the singles version, way to go Virgin Records!!!). But as for all Forever Your Girl will be considered always one of time best debut album."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "How is this not 5 Stars??? There is way too many 4 Stars for this album but besides that Mr. KRS-One has delivered possibly the best hip hop CD of 1995 the singles were bangin \"Rappaz R N Danja\" starts the album off perfect with premier on the track you can't go wrong \"Ah Yeah\" has a killer drum beat and is one of my favorites from the album, MC's Act Like They Don't Know\" is the hardest track KRS ever did and definitely is Premiers top produced track \"Free mumia\" is dope as hell KRS produced this himself \"Hold\" is KRS describing a gun and what it means to hold one classic track \"The Truth\" a song about religion and who where the first human beings on earth which is we all know Adam and Eve \"Build ya skills\" a dope track featuring Busta Rhymes classic feature right here but enough talk go out and buy this album it truly is KRS-One best solo album post BDP era."}
{"label": 9, "raw": "&quot;Straight Ahead&quot; is the third and final collaboration between tenor saxophonist and noted arranger Oliver Nelson, and iconoclastic reedman Eric Dolphy.  The first was Nelson's &quot;Screamin' The Blues&quot; also on the Prestige label, and the second was the famous &quot;Blues and the Abstract Truth,&quot; recorded for Impulse a week earlier than &quot;Straight Ahead.&quot;  On March 1, 1961 Nelson and Dolphy went into the studio for the third time, along with Richard Wyands on piano, George Duvivier on bass and Roy Haynes on drums.  Five of the album's six tunes are Nelson originals (&quot;Ralph's New Blues is a Milt Jackson composition), with &quot;Images&quot; and the title-track the standouts.  The results were magical on this session, but not quite as impressive as the Impulse date.  All the same, fans of Nelson and Dolphy will enjoy plotting this course &quot;Straight Ahead.&quot;"}
